The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
Here come the McElroys, we've got jokes and bits.
We're gonna give advice and do funny sticks.
Laughter, it is in store.
Come inside and see, it's time to start.
It's my brother, my brother and me.
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me, an advice show for the modern era.
This is your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, big dog, woof woof, canine.
Can I just say, you guys have been making a real meal out of the name introductions lately.
And I feel like it's a bit like, people just want to get to the nut.
And I feel like you guys are making us sit through a lot of, well just say your name.
Okay, what up dog pound, it's me, your manger's brother, woof woof, Travis, bark bark, McElroy, woof.
This is Griffin McElroy.
See that took like, that was like a three quarters of a second.
Well see Griffin, the problem is in the past we've kind of let it get away from us pretty quickly.
I'm trying to hold onto it at least through January.
Dude, believe me, like I had a whole honorific there for a while, I turned into a dog.
Like I get it, but I think we're grown-ups now, you know, like one of us is 40.
I think that we should be more responsible and serious and less funny.
Thanks for listening to our podcast.
We hope you're making some effort to just keep it between the navigational beacons, as James would say.
We're back on our regular recording schedule, which is hubris.
You almost have to fucking timecode this episode at this current moment, right?
It's Thursday.
Oh, hold on, somebody's at the door.
Hey boys, it's me from the network.
Oh no.
Hi.
It's me, did I have a name?
Was it Reggie Big Shot?
Reggie Big Shot.
Something like that.
That's what we're going with.
Reggie Big Shot.
Reggie, you haven't been here in forever.
I know you boys have been doing a good job for us, even putting up numbers, big ratings.
I've been loving it, but now I hear you're in a little bit of a pickle.
Yeah, we're in need of a new theme song, and I want to hear how the search is coming along.
How's it going?
Hey, you guys masking here or what?
No, we have masks and we have masks on our microphones too, just in case.
Yeah, so the germs don't go through the computer.
And I also have Norton antivirus.
Hold on, I got a mask.
That is a Mike Myers mask.
Yeah, love it.
I love Shrek, Austin Powers.
You would think it would make your nose and mouth look like Mike Myers's nose and mouth, but it's just his whole head on there.
Yeah.
So, Griffin, I heard on the episode, my guy, Devin, he does all the listening for me, and he said that you did kind of a fakey fake, fakey fake goof song on there.
It's real insofar as that I worked pretty hard on it.
Is it real in the sense that you stole the music from a beloved Mark Mothers bar, still recovering from COVID?
Get well soon, Mark.
Did that person write the Rugrats theme song?
Yes.
Okay, yeah, I thought it was fair use.
Well, Rugrats is 75 years old.
It's been more than seven years since Rugrats went off the air, so I don't think Claskey Supo is going to come after my hiney.
Well, I wanted to give Trev, you know you're my favorite, you're my baby.
I do know that.
I tell everybody, I tell them all, I tell Rogan, Carola, all my boys.
Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on, wait.
He's my baby.
Wait, this is news to us.
Listen, don't get hung up on details.
Is Roman Mars on that?
You told us Roman Mars was on this network.
Is that true?
He is like Roman Mars.
Okay.
He's a Roman Mars of jugs.
His name is Doug Jupiter.
He's the Roman Mars of jugs.
He tells all kinds of great stories about jugs, most of them I've heard, but some are new to me, which is a thrill as a listener.
So some are like classical, almost like a Beowulf story about jugs, but some are new creations that he is writing himself?
Yeah, he freestyles on there, and some of them are more historical.
Cool.
I love it all, though.
It's kind of a tone poem.
Oh, a tone poem.
It's called 99% Vrooms.
Okay.
How do you spell that?
What's the other 1% then?
There's four O's.
Listen, of all my boys, Travis, you know you're my favorite.
Well, okay.
And I wanted to, you know, the little one gets a lot of the credit for his talent.
Well, I'm always like touching my cheeks and like, I'm a stinker.
Right.
Yeah.
Travis, I wanted to give you kind of a shot at it right now.
Oh, kind of a shot at doing an intro song, huh?
Yeah, theme song.
I wanted to see what you could come up with, you know, right on the spot.
What about like, this is the intro song.
It is a very long-
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
There's no music?
Well, I mean, okay.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
You don't have an instrument like near you?
My mouth is God's instrument, Griffin.
Man, the sound of Justin eating, even as a joke, bugs me in a major way.
He's out of the room.
I want you to take your-
You went to the cramper.
Griffin, do you have like an egg shaker handy or something you can give me?
Yeah, sure.
Sure, sure, sure.
Let me start it.
Egg, egg, egg, egg, egg, egg.
This is the intro song.
It is a very long-
Egg, egg, egg, egg.
So that was kind of like an Applebee's Birthday remix.
Yeah.
Well, I figure people want to get, it leaves us more time for great bits like this.
Are you open to notes or you locked in?
I'm actually locked in.
I already mailed it to myself in a sealed envelope
so I could copyright.
Smart, smart cookie.
I could still tweak the fruity loops that I'm working with
if you have any notes on the instrumentation.
Well, it's not the instrumentation
so much as the legality of it, right?
Yeah, yeah.
You remember when there was a period
where you were kind of gingerly ripping off
one of the world's most popular bands
really courting some extreme actions?
Legally speaking, I don't wanna get back into those waters.
Oh, boy.
Where'd you go for a second, Reggie?
Hey, what just happened there?
My gosh, these damn Zooms, hold on.
The microphone made you turn into the movie announcer?
Zoom, the Zoom, the connection.
We're not using Zoom.
Damn Zoom.
I got it open on another tab by kids in school.
You're sharing a computer Oh, that's great,
but your child is in school on the same computer
that you're giving us.
Yeah, I'm in school, what of it?
Oh, boy. Reggie Jr.
What?
Reggie Jr. No, his name is Kathleen.
He's named after his mother.
Oh, a feminine junior.
Hey, listen, Travis's was bad and you know I love him.
You know I love him. He's your favorite.
He's your angel.
Griffin, you wanna try again
or are you just gonna stick with your original deal?
Can I try another one?
Yeah, I love that.
Much better. If you change your mind.
Okay, all right, you see you got into a problem.
Oh, yeah, damn it, there it is, okay.
They are just the McElroys.
They are just the McElroys.
Sorry, I can't even identify what you're.
McElroy brothers, answering questions.
They're the world's most fearsome brother team.
Okay, now I see what's going on here, all right.
Griffin's too cool and Travis does machines.
How are you? You give it up.
Justin's cool but rude.
And so they're all cool, I get that.
Everyone's cool.
And Clint McElroy is the party dude.
Hey, MB, MB, MBAM, MBAM.
We have to add an MB for it to work by the way.
MB, MB, MBAM, MB, MB, MBAM, MB, MB, MBAM.
Yeah, we get it.
It is time for Travis to add Justin Griffin.
Okay.
You put yourself up front, which I love that,
to kill Rinstein.
My song.
Okay, listen, I'm sorry to derail you boys.
I know you're doing your little.
I just made that up off the top of my head.
Doing your show, but you keep working on it, all right?
I'll keep checking in on you.
Cool. I love you, Reggie.
I don't, I think you suck shit, dude.
Hey, he's gone.
Do you think I suck shit?
No, I think that about Reggie.
Let's do a question.
Okay.
I recently discovered a can that had its label removed.
None of my roommates remember its contents
and none of us could tell from its shape or size.
How do I deal with this situation?
Do I open the can
and risk having to dispose of its contents?
Should I just try to forget about it?
That's from Can Conundrum in Canada.
Oh, I got a fix for this.
Open it and eat.
What the fuck's inside?
But Griffin, what if it's like you open it
and it's like a cream of mushroom soup?
And you're like,
I don't want cream of mushroom soup right now.
If I were to just kind of like
draw the Punnett square of options you have.
Don't open the can and don't eat it is one.
And that's the path you're currently following
and it is the most boring path.
And then you have opening the can and not eating it,
which is a fucking waste.
And then you have open the can and eat it,
which is what a hero would do.
And then you have don't open the can and eat it,
which is out there.
That's what a billy goat would do.
That's what a billy goat would do, a cool billy goat.
Let me offer an option.
Yeah.
Well, this is tough now
because people shouldn't be visiting you.
But when people come to visit,
you could offer it like a surprise prize in a game show.
Cool.
Okay, I could give you a slice of pizza
or I could give you what's in the mystery can.
It could be anything in there.
I'll take the pizza.
Is there enough for everybody?
Cause I will take the pizza.
If someone does that to you at their house,
you come and they say, here is a can and you can open it
and maybe you'll eat what's inside.
You know, you don't have to, if you don't want to though.
What is in that exact scenario,
the best thing that you can find in that can?
And don't say like a million dollars
or signed picture of Harrison Ford.
Chef Boyardee mini raviolis.
That's what you're going with?
Yeah.
There's a correct answer to this by the way
and that was not it.
Justin.
Oh.
Enchilada sauce.
Enchilada sauce.
You would want straight enchilada sauce.
I mean, it's not like I want to put a spoon in there
or a straw and go to town.
That's what I'm talking about.
You're gonna put a spoon or a straw in there
and go to town.
Do I get to cook it?
You can heat it up if you want,
but you got to eat it from the can.
Do they make canned gnocchi?
Gnocchi can? Probably.
No can.
They make canned gnocchi?
No can gnocchi.
I could go for a gnocchi.
I would not say no to gnocchi.
Isn't it interesting how the word gnocchi,
you're making one letter silent
and kind of adding an extra letter in there too.
Yeah.
You don't say the G and also add a Y.
You know, Thor's brother gnocchi?
Uh-huh.
Oh, fuck yeah, man.
I'm Loki for gnocchi.
Oh yeah, there we go.
I love that.
Okey dokey gnocchi.
Is it pineapple rings?
I love that shit.
Oh.
Do you empty that out onto a plate or whatever
and it's still in its native can shape?
That rules, man.
Back in April, way, way back in April.
I cannot imagine what's gonna come out of your mouth now.
I was gonna make me a pineapple upside down cake.
Yeah.
And three different grocery stores I went to sold out.
This is when people were clearing shelves of shit.
Right.
It was out of both the rings and crushed pineapple.
Fuck.
And that to me is such a, like, not everything was gone.
There was plenty of stuff left, but somebody,
and I think to this day, I think it's one person
who was like, well, you know what I need.
And maybe it was Griffin.
It started to sound like maybe it was Griffin
just going around my neighborhood supermarkets,
buying all of the canned pineapple rings
and crushed pineapple.
I wouldn't buy a crushed pineapple.
I want the rings.
I want it to keep its beautiful shape.
Mm, I see.
That was a fun game.
Do you want any ah-hoo?
I like that.
Can I suggest one other option for the can?
Can you make a recording of yourself opening the can
and then send us the audio recording of it
just so we can be there sort of virtually with you?
Yeah, for the excitement of it.
Yeah.
If it ain't food, if it ain't food,
no, you know what, just from a legal perspective,
I want to go ahead and say, don't eat what's in the can
from us, your podcast heroes.
You could make this a fun YouTube series.
Like, oh, unboxing is old.
Uncanning is the new shit.
There's people who do that with like MREs.
Have you ever seen any of those?
Yeah.
Hey, here's a yahoo that was sent in by everyone.
Thanks, everyone.
It's anonymous Yansers user,
which is the only thing I'm calling this from now on.
It's Yansers.
It's a Yancer.
This one was a Yancer asked by Yancy who asks,
how do I come clean about a crop circle I did?
Ooh.
Some years ago, I read a post
about how to make a crop circle.
So I tried it out and it worked really well.
Then local news-
I was about to say where,
but the answer is probably WikiHow, right?
I've watched a video about how to make a crop circle.
For sure.
I've never acted on that information.
Sure you haven't.
Then local news reported on it
and also said the farmer lost a lot of money from it,
which I hadn't thought about.
I felt bad.
I felt bad, but I didn't say anything
because I didn't have the money
and don't want to go to jail.
I have the money now and would like to pay him back,
but I still don't want trouble.
And I know he made a lot from people coming to the site
thinking it was aliens and doing tests on the soil
and energy readings and stuff
and buying t-shirts and jewelry.
So maybe he even owes me money?
Not that I-
I don't know about that.
The whole question was about that.
This person was too afraid to say,
I want to come clean about this crop circle I did
so I can get my portion of the revenue,
of the fraud revenue.
Okay, until you got to that last bit,
which is morally questionable to me at best,
I do think that if you're trying to come clean
and pay them back without getting in trouble,
you just want to leave it in a little envelope
that says like, to farmer from aliens,
sorry, we landed our ship here.
Here's some of your earth money.
Yeah.
Sorry that our ship had such a bad-ass
like tribal tattoo design on the bottom of it.
Sorry we left the Punisher logo in your field.
We're just crazy about that guy up here.
We love how he doesn't take shit from anyone.
Sorry about the Deadpool face
we left in your crop circle.
We've been thinking about blowing up the moon
into a Punisher skull face.
Do you like this?
Ask your friends, ask the government
if we can do this, please.
Would you guys be cool with that?
Not the whole moon, just like part of it
so that when you look at it, you're definitely like,
is that the Punisher logo?
Bad-ass.
That's so sweet.
Kicks ass.
He doesn't take shit from anyone.
And neither do you, Earth.
That's why we want to give you this present.
Consider this our Statue of Liberty.
Yeah.
Ma'am, what if they fucking did go up
and zap Punisher face onto the moon,
but they misunderstood and they just put
like Thomas Jane up there or John Berenthal
just like looking back down on us all from the sky?
Will you go for more?
That would be great for his career.
Can you give me one more cinematic Punisher, Griffin?
Come on, baby.
You got this.
Was Dolph Lundgren the Punisher?
There it is.
Yeah, nice.
Yes.
Thank you.
Yeah, put them all up there.
Fuck it.
Just a little bit.
It's on different sections of the moon.
So as it turns, it spins.
Yes, as the moon spins around us.
Does it?
And we see the different beautiful parts of the moon.
This is its way.
You don't know how much the farmer lost, right?
It'd be very easy to leave a fat signed cash.
Or gained.
Or gained.
You could just leave an envelope with a note in it
that says, you owe me 500 of your Earth dollars signed alien.
Okay, you've said this twice now, Travis.
I do not believe aliens would deliver this missive
through the postal system or through an envelope,
or through, you know what I mean?
Like there would be, that we need a cube,
or something, a data cube.
Do you know what I mean?
I don't know how we-
This cube possesses bleep or proleons,
which should be enough to reimburse you.
Yeah.
Your kids are gonna love bleep, bloop, proleons.
Bleep, bloop's a number.
Sorry.
But it's also a noun.
This is the thing about alien language.
We can't expect it to all make sense.
It's complex and beautiful.
Yeah.
What if you send a message to them on one day,
be like, we're gonna drop off the money tomorrow
for what we, the aliens, owe you.
And then the next day you swing by
and you just leave like eight starbursts.
And the farmer's gonna be like,
whoa, starburst is space money.
And then it turns out
that it's all like a big starburst marketing scheme.
What would, I think that it's time to remake E.T.
Okay.
And when Elliot's like, here's some Reese's Pieces,
have E.T. eat them and be like, this tastes like shit.
Do you have any alien candy?
Yeah.
Right, because it's, why would you assume
Reese's Pieces would be universally liked?
Did you say racist pieces?
Racist, racist pieces.
Reese's Pieces.
I like Reese's Pieces,
but my man could have had a nut allergy.
That's true.
He should spit it out and be like,
do you have any sour candy?
Playing with fire, you got any kitty cats?
Cause I just watched Alf
and that shit was funny and appetizing.
You can't just run up and leave some money on his doorstep
because the farmer, all farmers live in areas
where they can patrol their fields at all times.
And they do.
Here's a rule from me to you.
You put it right on the tableau
with the man who sleeps with a machete under his bed
as a fool every night.
But one, you can put this right there next to it.
You can't sneak up on a farmer.
Oh.
This is proven.
They have long, flat stretches of land.
They're on the lookout for predators such as yourself.
Yeah.
Come after a livestock.
You cannot sneak up on a predator, impossible.
Can't sneak up on, they can't sneak up on a predator.
That's for sure.
Absolutely, there's heat tracking technology there.
But you can't sneak up on a farmer.
There's a caveat though, Justin.
You can't sneak up on a farmer in his home.
That's why you gotta get him at the general store.
Okay.
You got shelves around, there's like tools on the wall.
He is distracted by things.
That's where you're gonna get him.
And also your whole shit falls apart
when you think about it's corn,
which is the hiding place crop.
Corn is, when you plant corn,
you are giving up your ability to like
really keep tabs on your shit.
When you plant corn, you're saying like,
I can't wait to get that good corn money.
But there could be a living scarecrow.
There could be-
Children.
Children, there could be-
Or just drivers who like veer off the road
cause they thought they saw a ghost and drive into it.
That happens a lot.
That happens every single minute.
I've watched a lot of Supernatural
in every other episode, someone's driving into a cornfield.
They crash into corn.
Now that's why I, when I become a farmer,
I'm only gonna do little crops.
Oh, I like that.
No one can hide in a bunch of-
You know what I like?
The idea of you put potatoes and they go under.
You could keep the rest of it level.
I would love to do-
You haven't grown shit, Farmer Travis.
That's me on my potato farm looking out of the window
and there's just like a little naked green man
like glowing in like a hundred feet from my house.
And I'm like, I see, they're taters, dude.
I see you.
He's just carefully folding tater leaves together.
Yeah.
That's nothing.
That's nothing.
That's nothing, beep blork.
Bleep blork's a number.
Okay.
No, I'm sorry, Justin.
Beep blork is my son.
Yeah.
Okay.
No, we need to go to the money zone.
We don't have time for another question right now,
but we'll come right back and do more
of all the great stuff that you've been enjoying.
But first we're going to take a brief sojourn
straight on over to the money zone.
It is I, beep blork.
I heard you were talking about aliens.
I've actually been thinking about
how I need to do more character work.
This is not character work.
This is my life.
I've actually been thinking a lot about
how we should be doing jokes this one episode
after we did those very same jokes.
This is not a joke.
I'm the new sponsor of my brother, my brother and me.
I'm not, I don't even think that this is what
you sounded like last time, Bleep Blorp.
I've had work done.
On your voice?
Yep.
You don't know about alien shit.
It's true, that's why it's alien.
You got me actually there.
I want to tell you about Squarespace.
Then go right ahead, partner.
Your human show, my brother, my brother and me
is sponsored by Squarespace.
You humans still use the internet.
Correct?
Yeah, we do.
You need to evolve your shit.
It's bad.
The internet is?
It makes you sad, and it's hard to make websites.
Except with Squarespace.
So you know we already have access to Squarespace, so.
Like you know that.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, I'm reading the copy here, bro.
Yeah, but it's embarrassing like it's not broken.
Like you know we have a way to do it well.
You're not bringing us this tech.
But Squarespace is the next.
Hey, just talk about all your boobs again, man.
That's what we liked last time.
I got four boobs.
Yeah, stop all the time, he said it, he said it.
Yeah, he said it, yes.
Okay, now you guys talk about Squarespace.
I'm too bummed out.
Please, Squarespace, demand to make good and free us.
No, Squarespace, we're gonna get through this one together.
With Squarespace, you can showcase your work
and sell products and services of all kinds
and promote your physical or online business.
I got a business and it's called Embarrassing Aliens
for Not Being Funny.
You're embarrassed, fuck off.
So they have beautiful, customizable templates
created by world-class designers
and everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box
if you want to put it over your baby's crib, I guess.
And they have analytics to help you grow in real time
and they have free and secure hosting
so you don't have to worry about, you know,
the thieves getting into your website.
And they also have nothing to patch or upgrade ever.
Anyway, go to squarespace.com slash my brother
for a free trial and when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code mybrother to save 10%
off your first purchase of a website or domain.
Now in the space between ads, Bleak Bork.
If you have-
Hey, is this Reggie Bigshot?
Yes, this is Bleak Bork.
Oh shit, he's calling Reggie.
Yes, I tried to help them out.
Just like you said, they were real assholes.
Real fuckers about it.
I didn't know Reggie liked him.
You should cancel their show.
Oh no.
Yes, give Doug Jupiter more time to talk about my bazooms.
He only likes Doug Jupiter
because he talks about his miraculous bazooms.
Yes, all four of them.
Fuck.
Yes, yes, Donatello, Raphael, Leonardo, and Donatello.
After the damn Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
That was like half a callback, Bleak Bork.
You are comedy poison.
Okay, I love you too.
Bye.
Hey guys, Bleak Bork just left.
He looked really hurt.
Travis, will you do this Warby Parker ad?
This is important.
Hurt like physically?
Well, he was crying and it looked like blood,
but it might just have been alien tears.
Yeah, who knows?
Listen, I have perfect eyes
and I shouldn't have to do this one.
Okay, I'll talk about it.
Warby Parker is committed to providing
exceptional vision care online and in stores,
offering eyeglasses, sunglasses, eye exams,
and contact lenses.
Glasses start at $95, including prescription lenses,
sunglasses, progressives,
and blue light lenses are also available.
I am currently wearing a pair of Warby Parker.
I have, at this point, several pairs of Warby Parkers.
I enjoy all of them.
I get compliments on them left and right.
They're comfortable enough to fit my giant face.
And you can do the home try-on kit,
which I like because not every glasses fits my giant face.
So they send them to me after I take a quiz.
You take the quiz, you order a home try-on kit,
and you get to try them on and make sure that they fit you.
Then you send them home.
It's incredible.
I love it very much.
Everyone should try it.
It has changed the way I do glasses.
Not just because of the price,
but because they're fashionable and stylish.
It's so easy.
Everybody has to do it.
Just try Warby Parker's free home try-on program.
Order five pairs of glasses to try on at home
for free for five days.
There's no obligation to buy.
Ships free includes-
Hey, everybody!
It's me, Juice Jazz, the clown!
I'll kill you, Juice Jazz!
Where'd you come from, beep blurg?
There's no obligation to buy.
Ships free and includes a prepaid shipping label.
Try five pairs of glasses at home for free
at warbyparker.com slash my brother.
Do you think that that was enough
for Juice Jazz the clown to get his own Wikipedia entry?
Probably.
Okay.
Welcome back to Fireside Chat on KMAX.
With me in studio to take your calls
is the dopest duo on the West Coast,
Oliver Wong and Morgan Rhodes.
Go ahead, caller.
Hey, I'm looking for a music podcast
that's insightful and thoughtful,
but also helps me discover artists
and albums that I've never heard of.
Yeah, man.
Sounds like you need to listen to Heat Rocks every week.
Myself and I'm Morgan Rhodes, and my co-host here,
Oliver Wong, talk to influential guests
about a canonical album that has changed their lives.
Guests like Moby, Open Mike Eagle,
talk about albums by Prince, Joni Mitchell,
and so much more.
Yo, what's that show called again?
Heat Rocks, deep dives into hot records.
Every Thursday on Maximum Fun.
You left us hanging there for a while.
I was scared.
Can I ask you guys a question?
I feel like I don't, I'm honestly,
leave this in the show,
but do you feel like I have overextended myself?
I don't want to like capitalize too much of the show.
And I know I did my stupid Big Shot guy bit,
and I don't want to like-
Well, how good is this one squad, Justin?
Is it better than Reggie Big Shot bit?
Look within yourself.
How did you feel like Reggie Big Shot bit?
Pretty good.
Yeah, I thought it was okay.
I just, I brought Beat Blur, Heat, and you know-
Yeah, a few times, Travis did that a few times,
so I think you are owed.
And then maybe I'll just talk
for the last 15 minutes or so.
Yeah, Griffin, if you want to do just like a monologue
about, I don't know, whatever you want,
I mean, you could do some of your audition monologues.
Yeah, I'll do that. You have that one
from Cat on a Hot Tin Roof that I love.
Yeah, the one that's like,
Meow, ouch.
Yep, that one.
Meowch.
Oh, my pawsies.
No, that's your Meowth audition monologue.
It's the same monologue, Travis.
This one has an audio component.
It is one minute long.
Oh boy.
And this is a Taco Bell tweet,
and I'm going to fill in some of the blanks after this,
but Taco Bell put out a video.
It said, and now an announcement from our CEO.
Here are the things you need to know about this.
It is being spoken by an animated potato.
Oh boy.
And now we take you live.
Do not react or the audio will be ruined.
Hi, everyone.
I'm Mark King, CEO of Taco Bell.
And we have some big news today.
As you might've guessed, it has to do with potatoes.
But let's start from the beginning.
Last year, we had to shift entirely to drive-through,
which created longer lines for our customers
and way more demand on our team members.
So in order to create a better experience
for both you and our teams, we had to simplify our menu.
And unfortunately, removing potatoes was part of that,
but it's a new year with new possibilities.
And you know what?
We're bringing them back.
That's right.
As of March 11th,
potatoes are officially back at Taco Bell.
Give us a minute to get them back to most restaurants,
but know that we're working hard to make things right.
And since you're still watching this potato speak,
I'll let you in on a little secret.
This year, we're going big on our vegetarian menu.
We're going above and beyond.
Anyways, that's all I got.
Later, taters.
Oh my fuck, Justin, there's so much to unpack.
When you do that and we're not allowed to react,
do you know how torturous that is?
I know it pains you.
I know it pains you.
So very much.
What struck you, Trav?
What do you wanna touch on first?
Okay, Justin, a couple of things.
One, that it's gonna take them three months
to get some potatoes to Taco Bell's.
That's not what's happening in this.
He said, give us some time to get potatoes to our stores.
He doesn't need the time to get the potatoes to the stores.
He's saying that even at March 11th,
you may not see the potatoes.
What is March 11th?
Okay, I'm gonna walk you in on this
because I literally need everyone to understand
the context of this message that you just heard.
Okay, COVID-19 took potatoes out of Taco Bell, right?
What this potato is saying is that hopefully
with expedient vaccination rates,
we will be able to expedite our processes within Taco Bell
in order to reintroduce potatoes to the menu.
Thank you, Dr. Fauci, for bringing back potatoes
to the menu at Taco Bell.
That was a direct quote from Dr. Fauci.
We're doing the best we can.
We're trying to get potatoes back, everybody.
We know this was rough.
Also, just say beyond meat.
At that point, you've already said it all.
Yeah, is that the season?
No, it's a wink.
He did a wink.
I get, yes, Justin.
I picked up on that
because it was the classic wink sound effect.
Now, tell me more about this animated potato.
Are we talking about pure veggie tale synergy
or are we talking about-
Yeah, how fuckable is this potato?
It's like Zoom filter,
sorry, Instagram Snapchat filter levels.
You know what I mean?
Where it's got weird eyes and-
Okay, so just say very fuckable.
Extremely fuckable.
I mean, there's holes that would work.
So Taco Bell is bringing back potatoes.
Bringing potatoes back.
Are you ready?
Now, here's one question for you.
Why did they feel the need to give us two months heads up?
Good question.
I don't know what...
I was gonna leave the country,
but now I'll stay in the country for this.
I like that even within the video,
they acknowledge like,
we're surprised you're still watching this.
Like they even said like,
well, I guess because you're still here,
we should tell you something else
as a reward for watching this bonkers ass thing.
I love that it's not even a menu item.
The object potato.
We have brought back potatoes.
It will be present in our buildings again,
and we will be cooking them.
You have my guarantee on that,
miss me, Mr. Mark King.
We need some time to get potatoes back into the stores.
Hey bud, I can't think of a Taco Bell on the earth
you can't spit on a Walmart from the parking lot.
I am pretty sure that they could just go get some potatoes.
Just go get some and make the stuff.
Okay, here's the press release.
The brand is kicking the year off
with the return of potatoes
and exploring a new plant-based protein with Beyond Meat.
Potatoes.
So they just came around.
Okay.
There it is.
They're making potato beef.
Their prayers have been answered.
After a brief hiatus from menus
due to Taco Bell's menu simplification efforts last year,
Cheesy Fiesta Potatoes and the spicy Potato Soft Taco
will be back starting March 11th.
Taco Bell's also teaming up with Beyond Meat
to create an innovative new plant-based protein
that will be tested in the next year.
Taco Bell chose to team up with Beyond Meat
as a category leader, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
The return of our beloved potatoes
is just the first step in showing our fans.
Oh, you love potatoes so much, huh Mark?
Huh Mark?
Well, it seems like you turned your back on them.
This is Liz Matthews,
Taco Bell's Global Chief Food Innovation Officer.
Dummy.
You couldn't tell that just from the word choice.
Come on.
This is classic Liz.
Return of our beloved potatoes is just the first step
in showing our fans the strong continued commitment
to vegetarian we're making this year, says Liz Matthews,
Taco Bell's Global Chief Food Innovation Officer.
Hey Liz, weird to talk about your commitment to that
when you were like,
well, let's just not do it for the rest of 2020.
We have had, Travis, it was COVID.
We have long been a leader in the vegetarian space,
but this year we'll have more meatless options
in the story of the vegetarians, Veggie Curious.
Ooh.
And even meat eaters will love.
Tell me more about this veggie.
Oh, I've heard about these.
Veggie tables?
You say this is a pepper?
Is like a, it's like a crispy green chicken.
I love it.
I love the, do you call it cabbage?
It's like, it's kind of like when I slice up frozen beef
really thin.
Can I have the asparagus?
Two of them?
I've been curious about these.
I believe it's pronounced tamatis.
Tamatis, is that correct?
Tamatis.
Isn't that fun?
Prepare the asparagus in the traditional style, I guess.
Excuse me, my hamburger is not done.
What's that?
This is coleslaw.
Okay.
There's egg on my face.
Do you have eggs by the way?
Okay.
Hey, what's this green shit?
Vegetarian isn't just a trend for Taco Bell.
Yeah, except for that one time
that you fucking blinked in the face of pandemic
and got rid of potatoes.
You are barely doing it already with potatoes.
The brand has had meatless menu items
like the bean burrito for many years.
Fuck off, McDonald's has French fries.
What are you doing?
And it was the first quick service restaurant chain
to partner with the American Vegetarian Association
and currently has over 30 vegetarian ingredients
on the US menu.
That's a weird way of-
There's a lot of vegetarian ingredients
in non-vegetarian meals.
What if Mr. King
only wants to be the potato man from now on?
What if he stops doing public facing?
You're saying we get like-
Well, quarterly profits are down much worse than we thought
and we're gonna have to lay off a lot of,
oh no, I'm always the potato man.
That's interesting to me
because I would have said and wondered
if perhaps he has always been the potato
and this is the first time it was appropriate
for him to show his face.
Because Justin, you've never brought to us
a video clip from Mr. King before, is that correct?
Well, he did take over CE,
I'm looking at his LinkedIn page, which is wild.
And he was at Adidas until August 2019.
So he joined, wow, he joined Taco Bell
and he got to taste the potatoes
and then COVID took them fucking away.
He joined, they were like,
listen, Mark, this is gonna be the cushiest gig ever.
We just opened up the potato vault
and people are losing their fucking minds over here.
And as soon as he pulls into the parking lot,
they're like, bad news, Mark,
we had a shit can of potatoes.
Also, you gotta wear masks now, if you can believe that.
He's been sitting on this character.
Oh yeah, this potato character.
I think a potato in Spanish could be Papa.
So we could just call him Papa King.
Papa King is here.
Papa King is here to save the day.
He's the new beloved, Mr. Peanut, fuck off.
Eat me, children.
Eat of me, children, I'm the Papa King.
So you can, that's happening in March,
I guess put it on your calendars right now.
Yeah, get there.
I do appreciate how everybody,
I mean, literally this potato vid was out there
for 30 seconds before people were like, alert, alert, alert.
If you go to this tweet, the first like 10 responses
are like, Justin, look quick.
Okay, can I do a Yahoo, please?
Yes, please. Yeah, please.
Here's one that was sent in by also several people.
Thank you, it's from Yahoo Answers user Bush, who asks,
is there a way to revive stale Cheez-Its?
I need to fix them to bring to a dinner party tonight.
Update, no bad taste or nothing,
just soft like white bread from the staleness.
Pfft.
Soft like white bread from the staleness
feels like a Macklemore lyric to me.
Yeah, yeah.
I need to fix the, fix,
fix in the sense of not to like fix you up some food,
but to repair these old Cheez-Its really does it for me.
Really, really does it for me.
Gotta fix them Cheez-Its.
Can I fix or revive these here stale Cheez-Its?
Well, you can start with a pep talk.
Interesting, try to inspire the Cheez-Its.
Listen, might not do nothing, but it also won't hurt.
You know what I mean?
Start there.
I would say what you don't wanna do
is start with something that might potentially
ruin the Cheez-Its more.
Yeah.
I think you wanna work up to that, right?
Yeah, like there's probably a lot of jokesters
in the audience who like to talk back to our show
like they're a fourth member of the show
who are like, dip it in water, duh,
but that's gonna make it,
that's gonna get it really sloppy,
like a sloppy mushy mess.
I think my first step would be pep talk.
And then my second step would be like
200 degrees Fahrenheit in an oven for 10 minutes.
Oh, so you would just take them into full blown,
like you're making Cheez-It brittle at that point.
Well, I would lay them out in a single layer
as close together as I can.
I'm trying to get, I mean, they're squares.
This is how you make, this is like Cheez-It biscotti.
Yes, exactly.
Okay.
That probably wouldn't work either.
You could make a hell of a Cheez-It casserole
I'm thinking now.
I mean, you could do, I mean, yeah,
crumbling up the Cheez-Its and using it as a coating
for some, I don't know, tilapia.
Oh, okay.
I was thinking more of like using them
like one might use lasagna noodles.
Oh, no, you, okay.
Well, that's malarkey, Trav.
You can't just do that. You don't think like layering?
So it would be like sauce, cheese, Cheez-Its,
sauce, cheese, Cheez-Its.
No, it can be like a hat on a green bean casserole,
but it can't be load bearing Cheez-Its, Jesus Christ.
I've seen on some life hack videos
that if you put a piece of bread in with your cookies,
it'll keep them soft and I'm just not realizing
we're trying to do the opposite of that.
Yeah, we'd have to do the opposite.
So what's the opposite of bread?
Milk?
Milk?
Is milk the opposite of bread?
Is milk the opposite of bread?
People don't talk about the opposites of things
that don't have opposites enough.
Cause what is the opposite of bread?
An orange?
Okay, so it can't be milk
because milk is like consumable.
Bread is consumable.
They're both white, usually.
Bread is flat and square.
Orange is round and 3D.
Consumable by you.
Baseball then.
Sponge, sponge, sponge.
Sponge, same shape.
Baseball.
Oh, you want the opposite, well then.
The opposite of bread.
The opposite of bread is creation.
The opposite of bread isn't milk.
It's creation.
Woo!
Bum, bim, bum, bum.
Right, so bread is,
I'm just gonna start listing things that bread is.
Okay, okay, this is a three-part process.
I'm gonna list the things that bread is.
Okay.
Travis, you're gonna tell me the opposite of that thing.
Griffin, you're going to keep track
of the different descriptors that we have until-
Can you just yawn, Griffin?
Can you just fucking yawn?
Sorry, guys.
Sorry, dudes.
That was a pre-yawn for how boring this is gonna be.
All right, well fucking, well, you know what then?
I'm not doing it now.
So sorry, listeners.
We were trying to have some fun
and do science at the same time.
Let your kids learn something.
Like what the opposite of bread is?
Yeah.
You tell me what's the opposite of bread
because you have struck out so many times.
The sun.
Yeah.
Hot.
Oh, you want it to be, bread can be cold.
What?
Bread can be cold.
I will say bread has to be colder.
That's true.
Yeah.
Cold, different shade.
This is a, guys, it's sliding doors.
We're getting a glimpse into the alternate reality
where Justin did get to do his
what's the opposite of bread game.
And it's got me fucking busting up
and my sides are splitting.
Okay, it's the sun.
I think it's the sun.
So just put the sun in with your cheeses.
Bada bing, bada boom.
Color-wise, I don't agree with you.
What kind of dinner party
can you bring secondhand cheeses to?
I think, Griffin, at this point,
if you're going to a dinner party in January of 2021,
anything, like at this point,
we don't remember what dinner party is.
That would be a good,
if you could unload them in like a snack mix
that you bring to the first party you attend
once everybody's vaccinated, that would be great.
Cause it's like, who even cares?
These are, okay, I do, these are actually very chewy.
I am not loving it.
Okay, now I'm thinking about it.
I can't think of a thing that is more likely
to get grubby hands all over it than Cheez-It.
Yeah.
If you put it out, though, in a party setting,
you are like, okay, if I eat something at a party
and it's like stale or cold or too chewy,
I just assume like, oh, this has been out a little long.
I should have hit this up earlier.
So, you know what I mean?
Like, I don't know, they're crispy
when I put them in the bowl.
What's wrong with your bowl?
Oh, so you're saying you can sort of launder the Cheez-Its.
Hey, did you give me a wet bowl?
Exactly, exactly, you launder the Cheez-Its.
You put one sandwich bag full of Cheez-Its
in everybody's pockets
after they leave their coats on the bed.
This bowl has some kind of time weirdness.
It made my Cheez-Its get old.
I think we can all agree.
Is this one of those weird time bowls?
Best case scenario, someone else brings a box of Cheez-Its
and after they've dumped theirs in a bowl,
you dump yours in a bowl and you kind of mix them together.
So at that point, we were like,
I think something's wrong with these Cheez-Its,
but I also think something's not wrong with these Cheez-Its.
I think something is wrong
with some of these quantum Cheez-Its
because some are good and some are bad.
Is it possible for half of a box of Cheez-Its
to go stale while the other half stays primo?
Is that any, is that anything?
You try these and you tell me I'm being silly, Derek.
I don't want to have this fight again.
Would the moisture redistribute
make all of the Cheez-Its kind of stale?
Would it work that way?
Maybe they, oh, they didn't turn their box.
You gotta turn your box.
You gotta rotate the box halfway through the half.
Something's wrong with my Cheez-Its.
How long did you leave them in the sun for?
I didn't.
Well, you gotta, I mean, you gotta sun dry your Cheez-Its.
Hey guys.
Yeah?
I would fucking ruin some Cheez-Its right now.
It's all I'm thinking about.
Oh my God, I'm so hungry for Cheez-Its.
I've been thinking about white cheddar Cheez-Its
for the past like three minutes
and I actually have noticed that I am shaking.
I am, I am, like my body is noticeably shaking.
Well, folks, that is our cue.
You know what?
I would call it quivering.
That is how badly I want these white cheddar Cheez-Its.
That is our cue to stop doing podcasts
and to release you back into the wild.
We have tagged you.
Now we're opening the door
and you may once again roam free with the rest of your kind.
Thank you so much for joining us.
We very much appreciate you.
Hey, if I could ask you, we're writing a podcast book.
It's called, Everybody Has a Podcast Except You.
You can find it at bit.ly forward slash,
what, McElroy podcast book?
Yeah, that's right.
If you go pre-order that, it would really help us out
and you could get it.
There's lots of different places you can get it.
I recommend, if I may, Justin,
bit.ly slash McElroy podcast book event.
You can find links to six independent bookstores
and event info for our free virtual event
that is happening next week on January 26th at 9 p.m.
It is completely free.
The event is.
And if you pre-order
from one of those independent bookstores,
you get a signed copy from one of us.
You get a book plate that's signed by one of us
that you can put in your book.
It's pretty cool.
Cool.
We got a new pin of the month.
It's a Cerberus pin of the month,
and it's a doggy with all of our faces on it.
A reference to maybe our deepest cut reference
of a live episode of The Adventure Zone Amnesty,
which is a very good episode if you haven't heard it.
But also all the proceeds are going to benefit Gnar All,
which fights for access
to abortion care, birth control, paid parental leaves,
and protections from pregnancy discrimination.
That pin designed by Zachary Sterling.
Yes, thank you, Zach.
We also have our Knights Templar II sticker
designed by Tyler Reed up there
and a bunch of other stuff, mackraymerch.com.
And also pre-order the next Taz book, Crystal Kingdom.
Go to theadventurezonecomic.com.
Comes out July 13th, 2021, but don't wait.
Get on it now.
Also, and this is just a personal one for me,
go check out The Besties.
It's available on like every podcast channel.
Oh, we don't make money on it anymore.
So we don't actually-
Yeah, so I don't care if you don't buy it.
No, but I want you to-
But it isn't exclusive to Spotify anymore.
I want everyone to check it out
because I love it very much.
Actually, also this latest episode,
we talk about Cyberpunk with Ron Funches
and it's a fucking banger.
Oh man, really?
Yeah, it's a good episode.
Oh boy, I'm excited about that.
Thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org, check out all the great shows there.
Tune in, drop out, you know, baby.
Do you want to find Yahoo?
At least it's finding Yahoo.
It was sent in by Graham Roebuck.
Thank you, Graham.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
They're anonymous.
So I'm going to call them also,
Papa King asks,
would Cam the Dancer, if he spend too fast,
create the tornado?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad square on the lips.
Okay, that was the show.
Hope you had some fun.
Talked for an hour and now our job is done.
Go back into the world, face the day ahead.
Please don't tell our grandparents
all the cuss words we said.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
