The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
This is your sweet baby brother, 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
Did we catch you mid-yawn, Griffin?
You did catch me mid-yawn. That was not a goof.
Although I do want to talk about the big DST, the big elephant in the room,
the fact that we're not saving daylight anymore, or we are now.
We no longer are. We've done away with the shackles of that terrible, terrible policy.
I looked at the daylight that we had, and I said, I'm all right.
I feel like I have too much daylight, one hour's worth of it.
So let's just, it's 2.03 p.m. Texas time right now, and my body feels like it's 11.30 p.m.
And I know it's like not, we didn't jump that far, but it still like sucks so bad.
Like all of this, this whole thing sucks so bad.
And I was wondering, I had, I had an idea after my second nap today,
and I was, I was hoping you all would hear me out.
Maybe we could spread the word about it and maybe get something going.
We've gotten lots of things going in this show.
You know, we brought back camo cargo shorts back in the summer of 2013, and that was very cool.
And I was hoping maybe we could do this.
So I had this idea for new time, how time would do it from, from now on.
This is such a big idea. I need to sit back down.
Why were you standing?
You're standing up? That's weird.
I was standing because I was getting ready to disagree with Griffin,
and then I sat back down because I just need to listen.
You're doing it in like sort of the 1776 style,
where you had to stand up and you know, tap your cane against it.
Here's the idea.
I saw an elderly man come to my table, and I was trying to be polite.
Sure.
You wake up in the morning.
All right.
Arm gives out a warning.
You don't think you're going to make it on time.
Parents just don't understand.
Okay.
You wake up in the morning and it's 9 30.
So that's the first step of it.
You wait, you wake up in the morning and it's just, it is 9 30.
Well, I'm hooked so far, Griffin.
Now reel me in.
So not, cause 9 30 is like a bet, a really good one.
Cause if you wake up at 9 30, it's like, whoa, I slept in so late.
I feel, I feel great.
I feel so energized, but also there's still a lot of the morning left and the, you know,
the day's still right in front of you cause it's 9 30 and it stays 9 30 until, I mean,
you probably eat a little something right then.
Right.
And then the next time you get hungry, that's a time that I'm just going to call lunch time.
The lunch time.
All right.
So if I'm, I want to make sure I'm keeping up with new time.
Wake up.
Which I feel like a punchier title would be.
McElroy time.
Griffin time.
Griffin time.
Stop, stop.
Griffin time.
Okay.
I love how quickly you cut us out of that in case this is a landmark sort of moment.
So you wake up.
It's to protect you two.
Cause it could also be, it could also blow up right in my face.
So you wake up and it's 9 30.
Is it 9 30 because that's when you woke up or does everybody-
That's what wake up time is, you know?
That's just what wake up time is.
9 30.
Oh, what a good, holy shit.
I haven't slept until 9 30 in a long time, but I still have a lot of my day left over.
I'll have a bowl of cereal.
To nail it down, whatever time you, when you wake up, it is 9 30.
It is not 9 30 and you wake up.
You wake up, that is automatically 9 30.
Yes.
I'm so glad you're with me.
And then you're hungry again after the breakfast and now it's just lunch time.
And we don't need to give that a number.
And then as soon as you finish the last bite, the last scrumptious morsel of whatever it is
you're having during this midday meal, it's not lunchtime anymore.
And it's immediately 4 20.
And it doesn't, you don't have to be-
Okay.
I'm not encouraging drug use at this time.
It's just, that's, it would be fun-
That's the next biggest milestone.
It's, well, it's just funny.
Yeah.
It's just very funny.
So wake up, 9 30 breakfast.
I'm hungry again.
Now it's lunchtime.
Oh, I can't talk on the phone right now.
It's lunchtime.
I'll call you back at 4 20.
And you fit home, sandwich gone.
Okay, now it's 4 20 and it's going to stay.
It's going to stay 4 20 until it just gets dark.
And then when it's dark, it's seven o'clock because it's seven o'clock.
That's a decent lunch hour.
Also, depending on what time zone you live.
And by the way, time zones are not, they don't exist anymore.
But the TV, the televisions about the, you know, the good shows are about to start
because it's seven o'clock and seven o'clock, you know, you eat whenever you feel like it.
And then when you get sleepy, it's 2 a.m.
And it's like, oh, yeah, I'm partying.
Now it's 2 a.m.
Well, no, you party during seven when it's 2 a.m.
It's like, okay, I should really crash because it's, you know, I've got a long day ahead of me.
Oh, this is great because 2 a.m.
It's not, I think I should go to bed.
It's why haven't I gone to bed yet?
The responsible thing is to go to bed now.
2 a.m. is you feel good about how much you've partied tonight.
And also, you know, like, oh, I'm going to get that good sleep.
And you know that you're going to get seven and a half hours of sleep.
Yeah.
Because you're going to wake up at 9.30 the next morning.
I'm trying to envision the clock in my head.
At the top of the clock, it says 9.30.
Okay.
And then if you go down the clock some.
Yeah.
And you also, just to be clear, have to manually turn this dial on the clock
because you wake up at 9.30, eat breakfast,
and then you reach up and you turn the clock to lunchtime.
It's more of a progress chart for yourself.
And it's not going to stay on lunchtime very long.
It's just how long it takes you to eat the sandwich or bagel or soup or, you know, whatever.
And now it's 4.20.
And you're going to show your watch to all your friends and be like, get it.
And you'll be able to do that for, I mean, until the sun goes down.
Griffin, I don't think that this is your intention,
but it does kind of sound like most of the day is taken up by 4.20.
Hmm.
Because it kind of sounds like you wake up, you eat breakfast,
and then when you finish breakfast, you eat lunch.
Then when you finish lunch-
You don't eat lunch immediately after breakfast, you dummy.
Then what's between 9.30 and lunch?
You just do stuff while it's 9.30.
Yeah, you just do stuff until you get hungry again.
And it's 9.30 the whole time.
But when you finish the last bite of your lunch, it is then 4.20 till it's dark.
Is this correct?
Yeah.
Wait, so dark, at dark, when it gets dark, it's 7 o'clock.
I can't believe how many, it's fucking like four or five, I lost count, times.
And I can't believe you're having this much trouble.
I just want to know when it's 7 o'clock.
And then the sun goes down.
And in the newspaper, every day, it's going to say sunrise is at 9.30,
and you're going to miss it.
And sunset is 7 all the time.
It's always 7.
And then you're going to watch Survivor.
I liked that it's 7, because it gives you an hour until the good shows are on.
Well, or unless you live-
I guess for you, they come on at 7.
Do they come on at 7 for you?
Yeah, so it's always like, the sun's down, turn on the TV, Survivor's on.
And it's what I love about all the times I've picked, because they're all brilliant,
is that each one, when you look at the clock and it's 9.30 a.m., you think,
I've got a lot of day left ahead of me.
When you eat lunch, you're like, not thinking about time, because you're just really deep,
deep, deep, deep in this sandwich or soup.
And by the way, in this new time, those are the only two acceptable lunch foods.
And that's another thing we're going to get.
4.20 is still a lot of the day left ahead of you,
and 7 o'clock, a whole lot of the night left ahead of you, until 2 a.m.
And it's like, oh, it's dead.
It's done.
I have to go to sleep right now.
Now, along with dietary changes, Griffin, I do also anticipate that this new schedule
will require employment changes, because it sounds like everyone is going to have to work
from home.
Well, you'll work when it's 4.20.
You'll work when it's 4.20.
That's not how I understood that to work.
But then, just until you feel it.
I feel like this is outside of time.
I feel like you're-
When are the people supposed to clean Disneyland?
Because it seems like-
2 a.m.
Okay, so they go in at 2 a.m. when they should be asleep.
So they just don't get to sleep anymore.
Is that right?
Probably not.
Probably not.
Oh, man, that's rough.
I mean, there's lots of- but for everybody else, you can get a good amount of sleep in
there, except for the people-
They could sleep 4.20.
It sounds like 4.20 is kind of free, free period.
Kind of a free period, yeah.
4.20 is just sort of a free skate.
Go out and do whatever you want.
But at 7 o'clock, you better watch Survivor and get your vittles.
Because then you have to go to Disneyland and clean it.
There's no more seasonal affective disorder.
There's no more wars.
Okay, because no one knows what time to show up for the war.
Yeah, it's like, I'm going to show up on the big theater of war front at 4.20, and then
it's sort of a staggered arrival, and it's like, well, this isn't- let's just go home.
Yeah, what if there was a war and nobody came?
You know what I mean?
Because it was 4.20.
Because it was 4.20.
Sounds like you guys love it, and sounds like America's gonna really love this one.
And also, I've got all of these watches with four times on it, and they're priced to move.
Coming soon to topotico.com, it's these watches.
Coming soon to Movement Watches.
It's just sort of a big- it's four sort of sections, and they're very, very helpful.
Before we move on to questions, can I tell you guys something real quick?
A true Travis McElroy Daylight Savings Time fact.
I did not know that Daylight Savings Time had any kind of effect last night.
I wasn't aware, missed it, didn't catch the buzz, didn't know it was happening.
And I realized this morning, I only found out about it because I saw someone talking
about it on Twitter.
Because in my house, I only have like two or three analog clocks now.
Like, most of my times are like on my phone, or my computers, or on my game systems, that
kind of thing.
And I thought about like, there's a very real chance that there's somebody that doesn't
own any analog watches or clocks that Daylight Savings Time could come and go and change,
and they would never know it.
Yeah, it's almost like it's a stupid, stupid, stupid idea that sucks and there's no point
to it.
And those people are living maybe the most blissful, most wonderful, except that it gets
dark at like 3.30 p.m. and you're like, huh, strange.
You're sleepy all day, and there's no reason for you to be sleepy.
I got an extra hour of sleep, but my body's default state when threatened is like, oh,
I want a nap.
Did you all know that they keep changing the day that Daylight Savings Time ends on?
Like, in 2005, they pushed it back so it would be after Halloween.
What do we-
Because of Candy Lobby.
Because of Candy Lobby.
Yes, and it's like, if it's that pliable, fucking, then do my Griffin Time.
Like, if we're just having fun with it, with time, and how it works in the sun and God,
then what are we doing?
Someday, when I'm in charge, I'm gonna keep moving spring forward ahead and move fall
back back until eventually it's like, you gotta turn your clocks forward an hour on
Sunday and then turn them back an hour on Monday.
It's still not worth it.
It's just like, in those two days, everybody's either late or early for everything.
Do you know how-
This is not a joke.
I learned this yesterday.
Do you know how Amtrak deals with Daylight Savings Time?
When it's fall back so you get an extra hour?
Do you know what Amtrak does?
Fucking pulls over for an hour and kicks it.
That's what Amtrak does to stay on schedule.
They're like, well, we got an extra hour.
Let's kick it.
And wherever they stop next, they just kick it for an hour.
All right.
It's the worst.
We're literally, we've been Andy Rooney for like 13 minutes.
Let's shake it.
Let's shake it off.
The government's pretty fucked up right now.
Maybe they could just like get together for this.
Can we just like build some bridges, get rid of Daylight Savings Time, get rid of the penny,
and let's just do a little house cleaning since we can't agree on anything major.
Let's like get rid of the penny and Daylight Savings Time.
Everybody hates it.
How about some questions?
Yeah, a question.
I just moved to a new neighborhood and I passed an elementary school on my way to work.
This means I must cross at least one residential intersection that has a crossing guard.
What is a child?
Yeah, can I talk about Andy Rooney for a second?
You just brought him up.
He was just an old man blathering on about the stuff that bothered him.
I just realized that like there were only, he was on the air for like 100 years,
and there were only two possible reactions to Andy Rooney.
Regular people looking at him being like, what is this old man going on about?
And old people who are like, that's what I'm fucking talking about.
Yeah.
Like, that seems like a challenging gig to me.
I think if he was born 20 years later, he would have the most successful podcast in America.
Oh, that's true.
Yeah, but the problem is that Andy Rooney only asks the questions.
And he never offered the answers.
And I think it's time that I step up and I just go point by point,
everything Andy Rooney brought up, and I solve it.
Now that's a podcast.
Andy Tooney.
Randy Ooney.
He was kind of the first podcaster.
He was very angry and talking to no one.
That's basically it.
He would have had a show just called What the Heck with Andy Rooney,
and then Marin would be out of a job.
I just moved to a new neighborhood, and I pass an elementary school on my way to work.
This means I must cross at least one residential intersection that has a crossing guard.
What is a childless pedestrian to do?
Am I offending her if I cross on my own?
Because sometimes she's helping a child cross the opposite way,
and I feel confident in my own abilities to navigate the intersection.
Oh, woof.
This is tough.
This is great.
Or do I wait to help me cross?
And if she does start to pull up her sign,
do I have to wait for her to get halfway out before I cross?
Is it rude?
Okay, so et cetera, et cetera.
You got the question.
You get it.
That's from Home Guard in Toronto.
The rub here, I'm not worried about the crossing guard's feelings
because the crossing guard doesn't need to help me out.
I'm 30, and I've never been struck by even one vehicle a little bit.
I'm batting a thousand vis-a-vis being struck.
But if a kid is on the other side or on the side of the street that I'm on,
and I say, fuck this, and I just walk across
because I don't see a vehicle coming and the light's green,
I feel like I'm maybe being a bad role model.
And I get that.
But it is pretty punk rock.
It just is the other kid.
They'll stop.
Trust me.
Trust me.
They'll stop.
Pedestrians have the right of way.
See, I am worried about the crossing guard
because I'm worried it would be like a rock-a-doodle
Sean DeClair kind of thing.
Go on.
Where the crossing guard would see me cross without her help.
I just said crossing path.
Yeah, everything that she understood about how they can't cross without me.
But then she would see me cross without her,
and she would think, what have I been doing this whole time?
Maybe they didn't need me to cross.
And then I would have to go on an adventure with an animated kitten boy
to fight off some owls or some shit.
All right, let me give you this.
One day you just have the crossing guard hold all the kids back for like a half hour.
No crossing.
Build up a, I'm talking about a mess of kids.
A big old pile.
A whole gaggle of kids.
Just a gaggle of these little, a conflagration of kiddos.
And they chill there for like a half hour like, what the fuck is going on?
And then you show up in the gaggle and you say like,
this is ridiculous.
You don't know what you're talking about, you big goober.
And all you want to do is control me and my body.
And I say, screw that.
Freedom.
And then you start to cross.
And then you do get hit by a car while you're going across.
And it's something that you, but you planned it.
It's like your friend.
And his soft car.
His super soft car.
It's Randy's soft Honda.
And he comes and he hits you a little bit.
I mean, he hits you.
He hits you, but it's soft?
It's like a pillow fight, you know?
It's gotta be, it's gotta look bad.
You will go to the hospital.
Like, but you'll be fine eventually.
Maybe there's a big crane up in the sky so high up that they don't see it.
And then you get hit by the car and then your body just gets pulled up
by the crane really fast into the clouds.
And so it's like you got hit by the car and launched 400 feet upwards.
And then you hang there with wings and a halo.
And you say to the kids, I should have listened.
And you sit back down.
You're like, oh, no.
Well, at least heaven's real.
Bye.
If only I'd paid attention to the crossing guard, as you all should from now on.
Now I'm off to hang out with Jesus.
And then in the future, you can still cross.
And it's not that big a deal.
But now two things are going to happen.
One, the kids are still going to see you and be like, oh, I don't know.
I did watch that person get hit so hard they turned into angel.
And the other thing is you're going to look even cooler because of that.
Like, oh, shit.
Wait, you're that person that got hit by the car and you're still doing it?
I love your devil may care attitude.
I'm not going to follow you because I did watch you get hit so hard that you went to heaven.
Justin There's another option.
And that is that you dress like a crossing guard.
So basically what I'm suggesting is you dress like a crossing guard.
And then as you pass, you're like, officer?
And then they like tip their hat to you.
And the kids are like, well, of course.
He's a crossing guard.
He knows what he's doing.
The faith in the-
Travis He's had special training and such.
Justin Yeah, the faith in the institution remains.
Travis Because here's the thing.
If you don't take the initiative and just cross yourself, the other side of this is like,
so you want to go, you know, east-west, but that crossing guard is crossing kids north-south.
You're going to stand on the corner, wait for her to get back, and then,
after you.
And then like, are you waiting for the crossing guard so you can get it?
Because you're just so-
I'm like, and then she goes out and you're like, thank you.
And then you cross the street.
Like, I don't-
Justin It's- this situation is so bad that my anxiety
would be so legitimately piqued on a daily basis at, you know, I'm walking to work,
so it's going to be 930, that I would literally, the block before, pop open a manhole cover
and take the sewer for a couple blocks.
Travis A sewer would be a great option.
One other one would be to wear, like, a black cape and a mask and a t-shirt that says, like,
Mr. Fart on it.
So the kids, like, see Mr. Fart sneak across when he's not supposed to, but they all are
like, they know that's Mr. Fart.
You don't want to be like him.
Justin Oh, your character's name, Jay Walker.
Travis I kind of was super crazy about Mr. Fart.
Justin No, Mr. Fart- okay, Mr. Fart is my father.
Please call me Jay Walker.
Travis And what I love about Mr. Fart is you could
do that and do the get hit by a car driven by your friend, Randy, and the soft Honda.
And it's both good.
Justin I'm not sure I like the comeuppance because
I do want kids to learn that Mr. Farts of the world can sometimes get ahead, but it's
not going to pay off.
Okay, if you want to play a long game, you can definitely have, like, a month of Mr.
Fart crossings punctuated by a car.
Travis That's my favorite Nintendo game, by the way.
Mr. Fart Crossing is the best.
Justin You could have, like, a month of Mr. Fart
crossings punctuated by Mr. Fart getting hit by a car, and then all the kids are like,
fucking finally.
Finally, this guy gets his just deserts.
Travis Or maybe you pull one of my favorite tropes
which is, like, the crossing guard and Mr. Fart, clearly there's animosity there, clearly
there's tension.
But just like in that one episode of Reboot when the main bad guy, like, played a cool
guitar solo-
Justin Megabyte?
Travis Yeah, with the, you know, the cool-
Justin I know, yeah, I know what you're talking
about, for his birthday.
Travis Right, for Enzo's birthday.
But I can't remember, Bob?
That was it.
Like that, where there's, like, a cool moment where the crossing guard and Mr. Fart work
together to maybe stop- I really want to introduce Jay Walker to this.
Maybe they want together to stop Jay Walker, the greater evil.
Justin How about a Yahoo?
Travis Yeah, please.
Travis I feel like you guys aren't as on board with
Jay Walker as I am.
Justin It's just Mr. Fart is so much better.
Like, Jay Walker is-
Travis But Mr. Fart just crosses whenever.
Jay Walker crosses wherever, you see?
So Mr. Fart at least adheres to where the crossing areas are.
Justin Can we get both of them, and both of them
struck by the same soft Honda?
Because then the kids-
Travis Yeah, oh, and Jay Walker dies and Mr. Fart
lives, and that's where he learns, like, I don't want to be like Jay Walker.
Justin Right, and maybe Mr. Fart comes down with
the halo and angel wings and goes to heaven, but Jay Walker is in hell.
Travis Oh yeah.
I want to go back to medical school and become Dr. Fart.
Justin Here's one sent in by Hannah Troxel.
Thank you, Hannah.
Yahoo Answers user Henny asks,
Can I play video games in my mind?
Can I play video games in my mind?
I do not have the money to invest in building a gaming PC.
So can I play video games in my imagination?
Justin I love this a lot, because I love the idea
of just being, you know, at the DMV or at church or in line at Yogurt Land, the only
three places I ever go.
And you're just standing there and somebody's talking to you, like the preacher, but you're
not paying attention because your eyes are just glassed over because you're just playing
and with your best friend Master Chief in your mind, in your, you know, your mind castle.
Travis In your mind den.
Justin In your mind den, you're playing with Mario
and Yoshi and you can do anything in there.
And so maybe you're standing there and the preacher's like, are you even listening
to my, we're doing Ratshack, Meshack, Abednego.
It's like my favorite one.
You're not even paying attention.
And you're just like, I just got all the stars.
I just got 30 points.
You don't even know about that.
Travis Oh, shoot, I lost.
Because sometimes you do still need to lose.
Justin You want to amp up the difficulty a little
bit.
Travis Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Justin You don't want to make it too easy on
yourself.
Travis Oh, no, they got me, you know.
Justin Did you hear, Preacher Man?
The new Shenmue game is out.
Shenmue 3 is here and I'm playing it now.
Travis And in my imagination, it's very good,
which is maybe not how it's going to manifest in the physical space.
Oh, it's so, oh, how about a game of Lucky Hit?
Did you just say something?
No, it's in my mind.
Justin Good news.
Character is back for No One Lives Forever 3 right now on the Rixbox.
That's right.
The Rixbox, the only gaming console in my Rix head.
Travis I'm so excited for the Rixbox 360, which
is when I'm going to get a third lobe.
Justin It's got rumble.
Travis This lobe's got rumble in it.
Justin It's got motion sensitivity.
If I move my head quickly enough, I'll make that jump.
Travis Now there's two Master Chiefs and they're kissing.
It's a mod I did in my Rixbox.
Justin Oh, look at that.
I found all the cheat codes in my brain.
Travis There's just times where you can't.
There's just times where you can't game out.
And everybody wishes they were playing video games all the time.
But sometimes you can't because you're in the Yogurtland line or the church line.
Justin How far would you need to take the simulation?
Are you going to have times when you're on the bus and you want to play Rixbox but you
can't because you're downloading Bloodborne 2 to your Rixbox?
Travis Yeah, it's got to update.
I know the batteries on the controller are dead and I didn't go get more from the Rix Greens.
Travis I think you downloading Bloodborne 2 is just
you sitting in a bus saying like, alright, so this time around, more guns.
Justin That's how you program it.
You just have to say out loud, alright, here's all the monsters that are in it.
Here we go.
There's a man who looks like a crow.
Travis I do like that because it gives crossover
like a whole new world of possibilities.
We're like, it's Bloodborne, but also my friend Todd is there.
Like you can just crossover everything.
Travis My favorite thing about the Rixbox 360 is
that I'm in all the video games.
It's real targeted marketing.
Oh man, the Rixbox.
Here's another question.
I have a coworker who's been telling the office an incredible lie for the last two months.
She claims she bought a house, she's shown us pictures, hired people to do repairs,
and even left early a couple of times during packing and moving.
The thing is, after some suspicious details to her story, I had a realtor friend of mine
look into this house.
Not only is it still for sale, but it's had no offers on it,
and it's now being rented out to two totally different people.
What is the best way to go about letting her know that I know?
And that's from Are You For Real at Rockford.
Travis What is more buckwild in this situation?
Travis This is what I'm weighing right now.
Travis Okay, what is more buckwild in this situation?
This lie, this wild lie, or the fact that you fucking Shelby wooed it.
So I do not know that I have that.
I don't think I have that game in my Rick's box to think like,
you know what, I'm going to talk to a fucking realtor friend of mine
and get to the bottom of this.
This must have been troubling you so much.
Justin Yeah.
Monsieur Perrault, I have a most fascinating case I think you'll like to be very intrigued by.
Travis Well, I have a showing today,
and I was going to make cookies, but yeah, I'll take time out of it.
Is there no realtor realty confidentiality thing?
I'm like, I can't just go look up to see if someone owns a house.
Travis I mean, I'm more interested in what was the detail that-
Justin It's got 10 toilets in it and no doors.
That doesn't sound like a house.
I need to get to the bottom of this.
That's like what the kitchen's on the ceiling.
Okay, so you're fucking lying then.
Travis I was hoping this question.
This question went in with and so my question is,
what are some great hobbies that I can maybe get into?
Travis No, but this is the thing.
That's the thing though, I would love to catch somebody in a group.
We all dream of catching somebody in a grift like this.
And so I celebrate your initiative.
Justin There's only one way.
There's only one solution though.
You have to buy the house.
You buy that house, you get some pictures, like move in,
get all your shit in there, then brings a picture to the office
and be like, that's so strange because I live there.
Done.
Travis Or you don't and you'd never tell them,
but you do try to see like how buckwild you can make the story get.
Justin Yes.
Tell me more about the house is the only sentence you need.
Tell me again about the basement, just whatever.
And then you're like, really?
I'm like, that's it.
Travis It's a pretty cool house, but it'd be way cooler
if there were two bowling alleys in it.
And then the next day you show up like, it's funny you said that
because we just finished the remodel and look at that.
And it's a picture of the galaxy bowl down the street.
It's like, oh, great house, wink.
That's you winking to everybody else.
Justin This person is living their own door
slamming farce right now.
And they didn't mean to get in this deep.
I don't know how it happened, but you have a real opportunity here
to get in on the grift.
This is what my first action would be going to this person
in confidence and saying, listen, I know the truth.
And I'm here to tell you, I fucking love it.
Let me get a slice of this.
Let me get up in there.
And then you're like showing up to the office,
like had a great time at the barbecue at your house.
Travis Photoshop pictures of the two of you standing
in front of like Zillow pictures of house.
Justin At least see if you can get some housewarming
swag out of it, something.
Get a pineapple, a potted succulent, something out of it.
And then, oh no, the house burned down.
Fake insurance scam.
Justin You do have to have an out.
You have to have an exit for your grift.
Travis Sold the house, sold the house.
Justin Sold the house again.
Oh, I put it back up for sale.
Travis Flipped it, got the property brothers then.
Property brothers came.
Justin Oh, shoot.
Old man came in, tied balloons, everything floated away
so he could find his wife or whatever.
Didn't see the movie.
I think that's what happens.
Travis And I didn't get full coverage.
So that's on me.
Justin I didn't get full man balloon coverage.
So shoot.
Shoot, I guess.
Travis Sold it.
Damn thing was full of rats.
Had to.
Justin Chocoblock rats.
Or you show up, big bushy fake beard on cool hat
that says like big real construction company.
And then you show up and you're doing a voice like,
hey, I finished fixing all the turlets in the real house
you have.
Travis All 10 of them.
Justin All 10 of them.
Hey, do you know your kitchen's upside down?
Travis I love bowling alleys.
Travis It's the most wonderful,
terrible house I've ever seen in my life.
What a lucky person you are.
Justin I walked into the kitchen,
get a glass of water, fell up to the ceiling,
broke my neck and died.
I'm a goat.
Travis Smash.
Travis Anyways, Mr. Winchester.
Justin Smash.
That's you jumping through the window to escape.
Travis Is it possible?
I watch almost exclusively children's programming.
So this is where my brain goes.
Is it possible your realtor is trying to teach you a lesson
about snooping on people?
Because there is very little that's less wild
than storming into your office and being like,
I know you don't own your house, but they do.
And you've been lied to by your realtor friend.
That is actually the most believable scenario to me.
Travis Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is definitely a backwards, not a honeypot, backwards.
Justin Why would you pick?
Travis Something.
Justin I'm trying to think through the group.
Why would you pick a specific like searchable address?
Because like I know how Zillow works.
And if you told me your address, I could just look.
Like I wouldn't need a realtor friend.
I would just like look at it.
Travis I just bought a house.
You wouldn't know where it is.
Don't worry about it.
Travis Well, I mean, they probably gave a fake address,
but America's so big that there's a house for every address.
So she probably said like 6969 Cool Street.
And it was like, oh, that's that one does.
That one is real.
And by the way, God, I'm looking at some houses right now.
And even if it was like a one bedroom, zero bath,
35 square foot house for $500,000.
If it was on 6969 Cool Street,
like I could bulldoze the house and start over.
You can get a new house.
You can get a remodeled kitchen
and add at least one bathroom to the house.
You cannot just get 6969 Cool Street.
You cannot just buy that address.
Justin Okay, big news.
Oh my fucking God.
Travis Did you just Google 6969 Cool Street?
Justin Yeah, there's one.
And it's in Weed Sport, New York.
There it goes.
I'm not fucking shitting you.
The city is called Weed Sport.
And it's 6969 Cool Street in Weed Sport.
Travis Oh my God, Justin.
Justin That is the choicest.
Travis I mean, I've been looking to, you know,
I missed the seasons.
I got to get out of Texas.
I miss Eastern Time, which is, you know,
not going to be a thing once my thing takes place.
But yeah, it sounds good.
Is it on the market?
Is it available?
Justin It does not look to be available.
Travis Fuck it, I'll show up on their front door
like the fucking finale of the OC
and be like, I know you live here,
but I need to live here.
Did you know your address is the best?
I bet the person that lives there
is the coolest fucking person on Earth.
Justin No question.
Travis Yeah, it's not for sale.
Are you kidding me?
You can't just buy this address.
Justin I hope they're pretty cool,
because we just prompted hundreds of thousands of people
to go like Google Image Search their house.
Travis Oh, please don't, don't, don't, don't,
Justin Don't do this thing, no, no, no, but I am.
But don't, you should don't.
Travis No, but don't, don't, don't, don't.
Justin But I already did.
Travis Admire it from afar without touching.
It's the most beautiful golden fawn
that you've stumbled upon in the forest.
Don't spook it, stay, admire it,
but don't, you know, send them anything.
Justin Man, Weed Sport looks like a cool place too.
It's very small.
Travis It's actually Weed Sport,
and the town's original name was Hacky Sack, New York.
Justin Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Travis But they got it confused with Hackensack,
and so they changed it to Weed Sport.
Justin So they changed it.
Travis That is a fucking good address.
Justin Let's go to the Money Zone,
because usually when we do that,
we take like a little break,
and I can just, you know, talk to Rachel and Henry
and start to figure out this big life move
where we move up to New York.
Travis Our first sponsor this week is Bowl and Branch.
Been a while since we've heard from them.
Justin Don't guilt our sponsor.
Travis No, it's just every two times.
Justin Oh, Bowl and Branch, haven't heard from you in a while.
Travis Still got comfy sheets?
That's right, they do,
and they're going to take your sleep and style
to the next level, and with Bowl and Branch,
that upgrade has never been more affordable.
They're crafted from 100% cotton,
so they look and feel super soft,
because you buy direct from them,
you don't pay expensive retail markups,
and lots of places like the New York Times, Forbes,
and the Wall Street Journal have raved about them.
Travis I'll tell you what, no joke,
when Teresa and I moved into a real house,
which we actually did buy, Justin,
we got a couple new sheet sets from Bowl and Branch
and some new towels for guests and that kind of thing,
and Bowl and Branch was our one-stop shop for,
you know, they have this thing called bath sheets
that are like really huge towels that wrap around you,
they are amazing, highly recommend,
and flannel sheets, flannel sheets perfect
for coming up on those cold wintery months.
Loving it, loving it.
You can go to bowlandbranch.com today
and you'll get $50 off your first set of sheets,
plus free shipping in the US
when you use the promo code MYBROTHER.
One more time, that's $50 off and free US shipping right now.
Bowlandbranch.com and promo code is MYBROTHER.
That's B-O-L-L and Branch.
Just do it, you got that 2 a.m. feeling,
crash down in these beautiful sheets.
I'm gonna tell you about Blue Apron
because Blue Apron's mission is to make
incredible home cooking accessible to everyone
and let me just say, fucking mission accomplished.
Every week they send you a box of pre-portioned ingredients
that you can use to make home-cooked meals.
The recipes are always changing
and you can pick the recipes that come to you
based on your preferences and there's no weekly commitment
so you only get deliveries when you want them.
And each one comes with a step-by-step
easy-to-follow recipe card and pre-portioned ingredients
and they can be prepared in 40 minutes or less.
I've talked about this a lot,
like I didn't know how to cook at all
but I wanted to learn and so I started doing Blue Apron
and now like I can cook lots of stuff
and it's very, very exciting and it's a cool skill to know.
Some upcoming meals include shrimp and pesto fettuccine
with spinach, sweet pepper chicken with bok choy and rice,
it's a super great service
and you can check out this week's menu
and get $30 off your first meal with free shipping
by going to blueapron.com slash my brother.
You're gonna love how good it feels and tastes
to create incredible home-cooked meals with Blue Apron
so don't wait, that's blueapron.com slash my brother.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
I would like to tell you about Fresh Hot Flavors.
Fresh Hot Flavors is a studio run by four artists
who wish to provide you with the hottest fashions
and flavorful accessories to give you the freshest looks.
You're talking about a candy necklace, can't bring pop.
Candy necklace and ring pop edible underwear maybe
because they're flavorful accessories.
Choose from breezy skirts, plush PJ pants and comfy shorts
in patterns like trash animals, Ouija board, flaming tiger,
witchy workshop and many more to spice up your wardrobe
and be the envy of your squad.
Visit freshhotflavors.com and use the code mybrother
to get 20% off store wide.
Go to freshhotflavors.com, coupon code mybrother.
I have a message for Chad and Caitlin.
That's cheating, we can't do two people.
You needed to do two messages.
This is for Chaitlin.
This is for Chaitlin, we oughta maybe eat some boy.
Grant and Amanda or Gramanda, bleep bloop,
achievement unlocked, first anniversary.
Buying this year in advance, so congratulations
on your first year of wedded bliss or impending divorce.
Can you believe the Cubs won the World Series
two years in a row?
Here's to many more years of happiness
even if Caitlin is a dirty Yankees fan.
Love you both.
Wow, that's twice as many sports references
as we normally have.
Venom, I've been bam, I hope everybody really got good.
Real sort of fever pitch to catch the pitch.
This is the name of the new movie here
and it's that big Cubs-Yankees rivalry
that is going around and congratulations
to the real winners of the big one.
I know the Dodgers and Astros were both in it
so one of them, congratulations whoever did come out on top.
Griffin, it's your state.
People are gonna tweet at you.
We got lots of baseball teams in my fucking state.
But they're gonna tweet at you, Griffin.
Aren't you afraid of the tweets?
I ain't afraid of no tweets.
I can't do more than that or we'd be sued.
In celeb news this week, the hosts of Lady to Lady
took a break from hanging with today's hottest comedians,
actors, and writers to sell a sex machine.
What'd they do with all that cash?
Rent a party bus to go to Magic Mike Live in Vegas, of course.
All of this on the heels of a salacious sizzler session
with Home Alone 4 star French Stewart.
Want to know what the fuck we're talking about?
Tune into Lady to Lady whenever, wherever you listen to podcasts.
Can you keep a secret?
Neither can we.
How about a Yahoo answer?
Yes.
This one was sent in by Dylan Haston.
Thank you, Dylan.
It's anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
I'm gonna call them.
Ann asks, what is the saddest story you can think of
using only four words?
Oh, for sale, baby, oops.
For sale, for sale, baby, oops.
Unused baby shoes.
Cheap, cheap, cheap.
Unused baby, hey, I just shortened that.
We just shortened that dumb six word story into a four word story.
Unused baby shoes.
Cheap, cheap, cheap.
That's four words.
We could probably get it down shorter.
I can do it in one word.
Okay.
Tears.
That's actually not that good.
Okay, wait, I can do it in one.
Sad.
Yeah, it's still not great.
Wait, maybe if I make that one word really long though.
Sad.
No, it's nothing.
Four word sad story.
Diarrhea at the prom.
And that one can be real.
I actually don't wanna say anything else.
All I want are those fucking answers.
Oh, it's funny that you say that, Justin,
because you got some good ones.
Yeah, I bet we do.
Faith said, my taco has fallen.
How about this one from Eve who says, the sale is over.
Hashtag only girls know.
Oh, jeez.
Okay, you can't have a sad four word story
and then hashtag it to make it land.
That's nothing.
Rekara said, I stepped on Lego.
So that's very relatable.
There's five pages of these.
But no, wait, no, no, no, hold on.
Hold on.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's not like deer and deer.
I stepped on Lego.
Do you mean you stepped on a Lego or some Lego?
It's a five word story.
Just drop the article just to get breezy with it.
Lego stepping.
Yeah, that dog don't hunt.
Sorry.
Oh, actually, there's a good one.
That dog don't hunt.
That dog don't hunt.
Socrates says, the Clintons are crooks.
So wait a minute.
This was a day ago.
This is still.
And not that sad.
I mean, it's sad for you, I guess.
Do people not know what sad means?
I stepped on Lego.
That's not sad.
It's painful.
Do you step on a Lego and feel like just sadness for the Lego maybe or for you?
A lot of political tweets.
And there's six pages of answers.
It's just, are any of them actually sad?
Oh, I mean, this one from Bramjeet says, love kills people.
Bramjeet was like, I need three.
And also it still makes sense.
I got it in three.
Hatchet man tattoo fading.
See, that's sad.
That's quite sad.
The real reason I wanted to do this was because of a really great and poignant poem that was
dropped in here by an anonymous user.
But it's a shame they were anonymous because they could be a new poet laureate.
And I'll try to separate the words out so you can sort of tell where the four are.
My grandpa died too early.
Too early.
And that's number two early sort of in one sort of word experience.
My grandpa died too furious.
You know, I would point out here that too early is redundant because you could just
say he died early because too early, I mean, it's implied by the early.
What about like my or not my, we have to lose my.
Grandpa died on time.
Grandpa died too late.
Well, if you're going to drop the my, I mean, grandpa died too early.
You don't need the my.
That's obvious.
Who's grandpa?
Who do you think?
Why not just grandpa died?
Is there a time where your grandpa died where you're like, yeah, that went down smooth.
Awesome.
Oh, cool.
I had a test tomorrow.
Thank you, grandpa.
One last present from the old man.
I mean, people make a big deal out of that baby shoes one, huh?
But like, it seems wicked easy to do this with even fewer words.
I don't think that that's as big of a deal as we sort of make it out to be.
Oh, no, that's two.
Oh, no, family explode.
Come on, dude.
That was Hemingway, right?
Did that one?
Oh, no.
Oh, shoot.
Wife disappeared.
Oh, no.
Puppy melted.
Oh, beans, wolf attack.
Oh, no.
Family frozen.
Family froze.
Shoot.
Farted on crush.
Crush Mondays.
That one's fun because it's got sort of two.
It's too sad.
It brings you down and then at the end, it's sort of like a funny Garfield thing.
How about another question?
Stone cold Steve Austin.
And then a sad face emoticon because that doesn't count as a word.
Yeah, I guess that's fine.
I work at an Ethiopian restaurant in Michigan.
Every Thursday, an 80-year-old man dressed in hiking gear comes to eat just before close.
When I prompt him for his order, it's always the same response.
He says, give me the bean combo.
There is no bean combo.
Oh, man.
I ask him to clarify and he just grumpily changes his order.
What is the bean combo and why won't he tell me what it is himself?
And that's from there is no Ethiopian secret menu.
Justin, it seems like if any of us are going to know what the bean combo is,
it's going to be you.
Here's what you do.
Get some beans.
You cook them up real nice.
And then what's that on the side of them?
You guessed it.
Different beans.
Okay.
So you just kind of...
What kind of cocktail do you like?
Like a garbanzo pinto?
Me?
Thank you for asking, Griffin.
Black beans are the best beans, but then you'd all mix in there.
Great northern.
It's like that great old tune, Ebony and Ivory.
I'm promoting harmony.
That's yeah, it's explicitly what the song is about.
Sure.
Yeah.
This old man comes in here every Thursday.
How have you not just been worn down and added a bean combo to the menu?
Yeah, yeah.
You know what?
You got it.
You got it.
Bean combo coming right up.
You can name it after him, by which I mean you can call it shithead.
You can't go into a restaurant, order something that's not there,
unless it is actually kind of the...
It's a pretty sick move actually.
And we may have actually just found out who lives at 6969 Cool Street.
Is it possible?
He's wearing the same outfit.
He's ordering the same thing.
Is it possible that this older gentleman...
Definitely.
Definitely.
I know where you're going, and I definitely...
Do you know where I'm going?
Yeah.
Because where I'm going is he's doing a Groundhog Day.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
He's doing it.
He just thinks he's doing a Groundhog Day.
You know, like he thinks he's in Groundhog Day, and to your credit,
it sounds like you're reacting the same every time too.
So you're not really doing anything to break him out of this Groundhog Day.
Yeah, here's that bean combo, man.
I've done it.
I did it.
I'm in the right timeline.
Thank you, Andy McTowell.
I was gonna say, it's 1965.
And Chester, this dude's name, goes to his favorite diner, Ralph's Bean Hole,
and he goes there and he cramps his favorite meal, the big bean combo.
And he's wearing his hiking gear because he's about to, you know,
go out on the big one, the big journey.
But Ralph is like, oh, don't go into that ravine.
You know, it's dangerous.
Lots of coyotes and crevasses.
And Chester's like, no, I got this one.
And he falls into the crevasse, and he lands in four wolf's mouths,
and they just make short work of him.
And now, every Thursday, because that was the day, the fateful day,
his unrestful spirit wanders into this place.
Now it's an Ethiopian restaurant because Ralph made a lot of bad decisions.
He should have offered something besides beans, in retrospect.
And so now he comes in and he's like,
let me get the bean combo so that I may finally be free.
Because that's what's going to happen.
One day you will cook them some beans, and he's just going to disappear
because you've sort of, you know, Sixth Sense,
sort of finished his business on this world.
Here's the, if it's any kind of like a regular time,
if it's like 7 p.m. every Thursday, what if you just like,
okay, what if you just like had a table ready for him?
Like with like special care put to it,
and like a little like plaque with his name,
like a little, you know, note card, place card with his name.
Oh my god, this is going to get you on the,
this is going to get you on the local news, by the way.
This Ethiopian restaurant has gone out of its way
to help out this very confused old ghost.
Please do it for the vine.
Just do it for the vine.
Do it for the vine of the old man reacting to this great miracle that you've done.
And then you lift the lid and it's beans,
and people watching at home are like,
oh, this is a mean prank, it's just beans.
But his face at the beans!
His face as he looks up and smiles with a tear in his eye as he turns into vapor,
and finally goes to heaven.
Please release this man with beans.
Please set him free with beans.
You have beans in the back, just make the old ghost some beans.
For just pennies a day, you can set this ghost free with beans.
How good is your Ethiopian restaurant doing
that you're not listening to your customers?
Because to me, it sounds like your customers are crazy for the bean combo,
and you should probably get it on the menu.
Also, how good is your Ethiopian restaurant
that this dude consistently doesn't get what he wants,
but is like, I can't say no to it.
They never have what I want,
but damn, if it isn't the finest Ethiopian food I've ever had.
Guess what?
Kusra's always right.
So you do have bean combo.
Please, to make.
When I'm going to IHOP and I say, let me get an enchilada,
I am correct.
Yeah, they're going to wrap a thin pancake around some strawberries
and they're going to give you a crepe.
Sounds good as hell, though, still.
I think I would curse that.
Yeah, now I kind of want that.
I do kind of want that.
Just banish this old ghost and get on the news.
Just kill this ghost.
This Ethiopian restaurant went out of its way to do one final act of kindness
and banish this ghost to the hell dimension.
This real ghost.
I'd like you to meet Derek.
He went to the store to get beans.
There's no more news.
It's been a slow week.
It's been a slow week.
We here at WeedSport, it's been real chill.
I don't think ghosts are real qualifies as a slow news day.
Well, ghosts were real.
The one we had, we let get away with being.
Earth's last ghost extinguished by an unthoughtful bean dealer.
Hello and welcome to news.
We've gotten so many complaints about how big and scary everything is all the time.
So we thought we'd give you something a little bit more lightweight.
We'd like you to meet Jeremy who went to the store to get beans to kill an old ghost.
Here with this package is journalist Amanda Goodcamera.
Hi, I'm Amanda Goodcamera.
It's true.
The beans have been displayed and the ghost is no more.
The terror that once plagued this Ethiopian restaurant is gone.
Thank you, beans.
You've done it again.
We didn't film the ghost, unfortunately, because fucking Jeremy was a little hot on the trigger,
but...
He just, he told us he went to the store and bought the beans and we just thought like,
yeah, fuck it.
This has been news.
Sorry for cussing.
We've been canceled.
We've been canceled.
News is canceled.
That is going to do it for us this week, folks.
I hope you've enjoyed yourself here on our program.
We've certainly enjoyed having you.
Our program, we've certainly enjoyed having you.
I'll say that.
Hey, if you live in Chicago or Milwaukee, I think Milwaukee is close to sold out,
which is exciting, but we're going to be up there here in a couple of weeks.
So if you live there, Chicago, we're going to be there November 16th at the Chicago Theater.
Milwaukee, we're going to be at the Riverside Theater on November 19th.
You can find tickets at macroshows.com slash tours and come see us if you live there because
there's still some tickets available and we'd love to see you.
If you would like to see us, you could also go to podcon.com, register for PodCon.
It is going to be a very cool convention.
We've been sort of involved with all like the planning stuff and setting up the whole
thing with the Knightville folks and Hank Green.
And I think it's going to be a really cool event.
If you go to podcon.com, you can just get tickets.
Now, even if you're not going to be in the area, they have remote attendance.
So it's like you are there and you'll get audio recordings of almost all the panels,
performances and live recordings from PodCon.
And this sounds really neat.
Two more plugs, I promise.
Real quick, Teresa and I, along with our dad, Clint, who does the Adventure Zone with us,
are going to be on the JoCo Cruise this year.
You can go to jococruise.com, J-O-C-O cruise.com.
Check out that lineup.
It's amazing and come hang out with everybody on a fun boat for a week.
And also, what was the other thing I was going to say?
Oh yeah, our Adventure Zone podcast, the D&D podcast where we play with our dad.
One, we started a new arc that our dad is DMing where we play as superheroes and it is super fun.
It's so much fun.
Dad is doing a great job and we're really pleased with how it's going.
In the second episode, we go to a rundown Bible themed theme park.
It's so, so great and we're having so much fun and I bet you will too.
And with the Adventure Zone, we have a graphic novel coming out
and you can go to theadventurezonecomic.com and pre-order that now.
It is the graphic novel adaptation of our first arc, Here There Be Gerblins.
So go to theadventurezonecomic.com and pre-order yours now.
Two more quick things.
Thanks to Sean Roderick and The Long Winters for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure off the album Painting the Days to Bed.
It's a super, super good album that maybe it's getting a little bit colder.
Maybe you're settling in for your own long winter and you want a good soundtrack for it.
It is this.
Also want to thank Maximum Fun for having us.
You can go to MaximumFun.org, check out all the great podcasts there.
Shows like Stop Podcasting Yourself, The Beef and Dairy Network,
Judge John Hodgman, Lady the Lady, and so many more all at MaximumFun.org.
Let's wrap it up with a final question.
Yeah, here comes that final yahoo.
It was sent in by the delivery man, Seth Carlson.
Thank you, Seth.
It's another anonymous yahoo answers user.
So I'm going to call him Bill asks,
Is the Joker a Christian?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
Square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I don't know.
Just search wonderful.
Google it.
You'll probably get there.
