The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me picks the Oscars.
I'm going to start with the grouch. Oh, no, don't. Don't make that joke. Oh, fuck.
You're going to start with what?
The grouch.
He said the grouch. What's your favorite Oscar, Travis?
Mine is Oscar from The Odd Couple, and you should say, like, your name.
Nope. I don't want to be associated with this goof.
I like that spring-legged murderer.
Sorry, which one?
Pardon?
The one that the blade-footed wife killer.
Blade-footed wife killer Oscar.
Oscar Pistorius.
Pistorius.
Oh, no!
Blade-footed wife killer Oscar Pistorius is your favorite Oscar?
See, I thought you were talking about Spring-heeled Jack,
and it turned into a much worse thing.
I know that's why I was confused. I was very lost as to the direction Griffin was taking it.
This summer, in The Fugitive 2, Oscar Pistorius is on the run from the law
as he races against time to find the two-legged man that killed his wife.
I literally made that joke last week and on last week's Besties.
I did it. It's never made it to press.
That is a three-peat.
It's never made it to press. It's never made it to press.
It's always been before.
That is a three-peat.
Griffin, you edit both those shows. Has that ever made it to press?
It's made it to my ears three times.
Then just leave it in the show for once.
Tragedy plus time equals comedy, and comedy plus time equals whatever that was.
It circles back around and turns back to tragedy again.
This is my brother. My brother reads an advice show for the modern era.
The Oscars are over. Congratulations to Argo.
You really think Argo's going to take it?
I just haven't seen that many of them.
Can I be honest with you guys? I don't even know who's nominated for Best Picture.
God, you uncultured gilbers.
The only movies I saw this year are Argo and the training DVD for my blender.
Unless Lady Mixing Up Strawberries is nominated for Best Supporting Actress.
It's picking up a lot of buzz with the foreign press, though.
I mean, but they'll fucking watch anything.
Have you guys seen Amour?
It's like, oh, we get it. They're old and they're dying slow.
It's like cocoon if the aliens didn't come down.
It's just non-plot driven cocoon.
It's like, you know how Waking Ned Divide is about old Irish people?
It's like if you took cocoon and took out all the action sequences.
Right.
Take out Ned Beatty and Warren Beatty and Diabetes.
What's his name?
Diabetes Beatty.
Diabetes Beatty.
No, what's that, what's that, what's that?
Woodrow Wilson.
You're thinking of Ed Grimley.
Oh my God, just give me a straight answer.
Alfred Grimley, you son of a bitch.
Okay, you guys talk one at a time, all right?
Travis, what is Wilford Brimley's name?
William Howard Taft.
Okay, bad.
Griffin, what is Wilford Brimley's name?
Um, I fucking know this.
What is cocoon?
Fuck!
Correct, that is correct.
You did get it right with under the wire to go.
This is My Brother, My Brother, Me.
It's an advice show for the modern era.
That's right, we're ready to help you.
We've got our own stuff together and now we're gonna help you do the same thing.
Is Wilford Brimley nominated for an Oscar this year?
He's nominated for best dead person forever.
He's not dead.
He's dead as fuck.
God, is he not dead?
Wilford Brimley?
Is he not dead?
No.
Wilford Brimley's alive as fuck.
I know.
That oatmeal is getting it done for you.
It's true.
He loves it.
He stirs in a spoonful of insulin every day, keeps him going.
Do you guys hear his voice when you eat oatmeal?
Like, I think of that like,
it's good, it's got good for your stuff in it to keep you going all day long.
Like, oh, that's really good.
I eat it.
I hear really erotic things in Wilford Brimley's voice.
Shove that right in.
You know what else is rich and creamy and has flakes of oats in it?
Oatmeal.
Also might come.
I'm a hundred.
Okay, good, good show today.
Over the last 15 months, I've lost around 100 pounds,
built muscle and gotten more fit all around
using just exercise and willpower.
I now find myself with a tiny bit of something I never had,
self-confidence.
Are there any steps I can take to nurture and grow this confidence
in the continuing attempt to be a better me?
Thanks in advance, progressing in Pittsburgh.
First of all, congratulations.
That's fantastic.
Way to go.
I'm proud of you.
Unless you weighed like 120 pounds beforehand and then like-
I'm down to just a skull at this point, basically.
This is beyond like a level of Kate Moss unhealthiness.
This is like thinner.
This is fucking bad news.
You look fantastic.
We're really worried about you.
You weigh less than eight pairs of shoes.
Yeah.
I'm really worried.
Justin, why do you continue to insist on comparing things to shoe weight?
Because when I was in school, they told us that one pair of shoes weighs a kilogram.
And so I somehow got it in my head that that's a pretty good system for measurement.
That seems flawed because every shoe is different.
Is that like one pair of adult male cowboy boots or like one stiletto heel?
Every shoe is different, Travis.
I think we would all do well to remember that.
But they all have beautiful soles.
Travis, you're such a carry.
You guys.
I would, man, it sounds like you got enough.
You just wrote into a podcast to brag about how fucking super healthy you are.
And that's great and everything.
I wouldn't get any more confident than that.
I think I think you go any further than that.
Yeah, yeah.
You're bordering on Hitler.
Well, I'm not sure Hitler though.
I'm saying that he gains a little bit more confidence.
Pretty soon he's going to sleep through the world.
No, I don't think so.
No, I guess maybe.
To be fair, I may not know the origins of Hitler.
Hitler lost like a hundred pounds.
What his whole scene is.
Sort of what his place in history was.
Like who the guy who the guy is.
Any of it at all.
It was that he did some paintings and got really confident.
And turned that confidence into like a dictatorship.
Yeah, that's true.
Right?
I mean, I am proud of you.
It's just you don't want to...
Do you want to be the next Jared?
Like I hate to bring up Jared every fucking week on this show.
But it does seem that way lately, doesn't it?
It does kind of seem.
Jared is the new ghosts.
And like I worry because every time that dude comes on your TV.
Like here it comes again.
I'm getting another fucking earful from Jared about how eating nothing but Subway sandwiches
turned his fucking life around.
But he says it now in a way.
He's like, I ate sandwiches until I half disappeared.
And it's like, we get it, dude.
And it's doubly irritating because you know now he has like the money to like pay someone for that.
Right.
You know what I mean?
Like he has the money to hire a personal chef.
Yeah, I don't think he's rolling into Subway and buying those sandwiches anymore.
More importantly, he's got enough money that he can just put the weight back on again.
Because like he has so much money.
Even if he goes on like an eating spree, becomes the Burger King spokesperson for a year
and then blimpos back up.
He's still going to be extremely, extremely fuckable because all that skrill.
We're losing the narrative of Jared.
The narrative has lost its impact.
I think he needs to put on like two Hyundai and be a spokesperson for Butterburger for a while.
He needs a spiral is what you're saying.
Yeah, he needs an arc.
Specifically, he needs two arcs on either side of his body that represent his coming back.
As goes Jared, so goes the country.
I think if Jared becomes the BK spokesman, comes out, does a press conference says,
I'm done with this healthy living.
You only get one trip around this beautiful blue orb and I'm going to spend mine eating
a sloppy dog or whatever they have at Burger King.
I mean, they get some chicken.
Mainly sloppy dogs.
I'm going to get myself a sloppy dog chicken slipper combo, which is like an actual footwear
made of fried chicken.
He just really, really loses himself.
Then a year later, he's back up to 450, flips back to Subway for Prodigal Son, comes back,
and says, I'm doing it again, America, getting healthy for you.
We didn't see him lose the weight the first time.
We were just like, all we got was a skinny, nerd-ass looking dude with some big old pants.
I'm not sure that that's good evidence for me.
Did he start the big pants movement?
I know, but it's one of my favorite things in weight loss commercials where it's like,
I've got big pants.
Oh, good for you.
Because maybe what you don't see is he's got giant legs when he was fat, but his torso
is completely normal.
I saw Norbert, you know?
Yeah, sure.
This is not Jermaine, you just wanted to brag that you-
You were one of the three people in the country that saw Norbert.
I did see Norbert.
I'm not ashamed.
If you were to ask if I've seen Norbert or not, the answer is yes.
I saw it.
I don't know how to tell somebody to have comp-
When somebody walks up and says, how would you evaluate yourself?
Just go pretty good, I guess.
That's it.
And then you have confidence.
Moving on up, getting better.
I don't know, it's just one of those things where it's like, you could, I don't know,
is it a fake it till you make it thing or just keep taking care of yourself?
But the more you care for yourself, the more you like yourself and the more confidence
you'll have.
That's what I have to assume.
I don't think you just wake up one day and be like, I'm confident now.
I have noticed that, maybe not, this may not be necessarily confidence, but in terms of
just keeping yourself going, I think that I've had some success with doing a little
bit of exercise in the mornings, kind of sending yourself the signal that it's worth taking
care of yourself.
And I think that if you do a little bit of that kind of stuff every day, you do stuff
like increase your water intake and just take a couple seconds out of your day to
look after yourself, take care of yourself, do something for you for once.
Do some sit ups, put a mirror on the floor and then squat over it and then like really
get a good look in there.
In where?
Where?
In your gay-per?
Is that what you're saying to me?
I say, you know, in the deep dark pit that is your chain.
You gotta love, you gotta love the skin you're in, Dove.
I think everybody has had the experience of maybe getting out of the shower or something
or being nude for some reason and getting up or going to like change or something and
you get a look of yourself, like you get a look of yourself in the mirror that's like,
I did not know I had that angle, you know, like I did not know that was part of my look.
Yeah, I feel like I, yes, for me I feel like it's precipitously just getting, I feel like
I've aged like 10 years in the past three months.
I don't know what it is, I just look at my skin and it's just sallow and I don't feel
great about myself, I guess is what I'm saying.
Well, you know what I do, I have rampant narcissism and so I just think I'm fucking awesome.
Yeah, that helps, I guess.
It does, it helps so much.
Yeah, Travis is a man that is very familiar with bathroom floor mirrors.
Oh God, yes.
In fact, my entire bathroom floor is just made of mirrors.
Yeah, cut out the middle man.
Yeah, the problem is it's really slippery.
Oh man, do you guys want to Yahoo?
Yes, please.
Crab-solutely.
What?
That's my new thing where I pretend I'm a crab.
Uh-huh.
Is this going to be the-
Crab-solutely, it's all like crab puns, like crab-solutely and you got to be crabbing me
and I'm feeling kind of crabby.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, how is you got to be crabbing me a pun?
It's a pun on shitting.
Is that like smurfing me?
Uh-huh.
I got you.
Oh, okay, so I see, so it's like crabbing is like a noun and a verb and an adverb and an adjective
and-
Yeah.
I'm tired of all these crabbing crabsikins taking all our jobs.
Oh, it's also racist.
Like a racist crab.
Guys, my boyfriend wants me to crab on him.
What?
What?
Oscar Pistorius crabbed his wife.
No.
Crabbed his crab.
Is that funny?
And then they put him in the crab electric chair.
But you just said electric on the end of crab.
Okay.
Griffin, do you want to go ahead and crab this question?
Yeah, this Yahoo was sent in by Jacob Locker.
The prodigal son returns.
Why did you say it like a creepy accountant?
Well, because that's his punishment for not making it on the show lately.
It was asked by Yahoo Answers user, Risha, who asks, are there any phone apps that you
can download to make your butt look bigger or make your butt bigger?
To make your butt look bigger or make your butt bigger?
What a wide gulf between perception and reality.
This person does not seem to grasp it.
Are you saying like an application that can bend reality to your-
Like, okay, what if she's asking to make it appear bigger or something?
It makes your butt bigger, but it does not appear bigger.
She's fine either way.
Man, we're getting into some string theory shit, though.
That's some Schrodinger's cat.
If Schrodinger's cat had a fat ass-
Just put your ass in a box.
And then depending on if somebody looks at it or not, it may or may not be bigger.
It is dead in both universes.
Or wait, it's alive.
How is Schrodinger's-
One butt cheek is alive and one butt cheek is dead.
I get like that sometimes when I sit weird at the movies.
What you gotta watch out for is when one butt cheek consumes the other one within the box.
Let's make this simpler.
Of course there are 5,000 iPhone apps that make your butt look bigger.
There are 5,000 competing companies.
There's a startup company that began in San Francisco that was completely originated.
Somebody's full-time employment is Funny Butt Cam, which is an app.
There's Funny Butt Cam, there's iButt.
There's iButt, which is fighting against it.
And they actually have a copyright suit against it.
It's a lot of Silicon Valley politicking.
I don't-
Let's take quick odds on iButt being an actual app available right now in the App Store.
One to one.
Okay.
It is a statistical-
I would say zero to one.
Let's do a parlay.
What does it do?
Is it just another fart piano?
Is it a Funny Butt Cam?
What are we talking about?
I bet it's something that you could take pictures of your friends
and somehow superimpose butts onto their faces.
Oh, I see.
Or maybe it just erases their shorts.
I think you would just call that Butt Head, right?
Yeah.
Oh, that's a better name.
Or Butt Face.
Butt Face is probably-
Butt Facebook is probably a good way to go.
Butt Facebook!
Sure, why not?
This is an untapped market.
Yeah.
I guess I feel like this is like a quantum thing
where as we even consider the possibility of these different things,
they simultaneously become extant.
Okay, super quick.
I tried to search for iButt and it suggested I search instead for
iButterfly, which is very different.
Yeah.
A much different approach to the whole big fat ass thing.
There are no apps called iButt, which I assume has to be old Steve.
But what Travis is saying is that by saying it,
there is a JavaScript programmer right now furiously typing out
what he needs to get iButt on the market before the episode is over.
Uh-huh.
Who's listening in though?
That's their fucking spies everywhere, man.
Thanks, WikiLeaks.
Thanks, WikiLeaks.
I've been using my fitness pal to help me shed the LBs.
17 LBs in 2013 as of last Wednesday.
That's so dope.
Thank you very much.
Why don't you get my fitness enemy?
Okay, my fitness enemy not only tracks the special kind of foods that you eat
to get that fat ass, because we know it's out there.
We know those foods exist.
A lot of legumes.
And then also the exercises that you don't do
and the special way that you sit at the movies that makes your butt cheeks bigger.
I would like to play that game where it's like,
today I didn't do a million squats and I definitely didn't do a thousand sit-ups.
We can-
Oh, good work.
That's a half a point each.
You have a billion points now.
We could somehow work the gyroscope inside the iPhone into the app.
So if it detects that you're moving around, it's like,
chill the fuck out, skinny, skinny person.
And there's like a Siri-like voice that sometimes just comes on and goes,
yeah, have some pizza.
What?
Don't worry about it.
Finish your plate, Daniel.
Daniel, Daniel, it's your fitness enemy.
Finish your plate, Daniel.
It's also got a pedometer function that shocks you every time you take a step.
Yeah.
So with every step-
The electrodes are attached to your butt cheeks.
It's double function because when you zap them,
it tenses and releases and it strengthens and tones.
I bet you that there is also an app out there that vibrates at a certain frequency
that like the creator of the app says,
if you put this on your butt, it'll get bigger.
Or your pee- or your pee-pee or like whatever.
Oh, definitely, yeah.
It's just sending him pictures of your butt.
Mm-hmm, but like super close up.
It would just be a black screen, but they would know.
He knows.
I know exactly what that is.
I believe that's fifth quadrant, if I'm not mistaken.
Why?
Why?
Travis has cut the human butt into butcher-style cuts.
I also want to say that there's someone out there right now listening going,
quadrants are in fours, you asshole.
Hence, fifth quadrant.
Fifth quadrant is the secret tasty part of the butt.
That's the part, you can't get that from the butcher unless you know him real well.
And only then you've got to have already been going there for like two or three years.
You have to have an apple corer and the will to never give up.
And then finally get to the fifth quadrant.
You get to the fifth quadrant.
You eat that piece of butt.
It's like the alien surgery scene in Independence Day.
The problem is it is like the fugu fish where if you get the wrong cut of butt, you're dead.
If you eat even a portion of the fourth quadrant of the butt, kiss it goodbye.
Quite literally.
You will have a butt there.
A portion of the first quadrant, well that's just social suicide.
What are you, a poor person?
Now if you get in that second quadrant, sex.
That as we all know is the athrodisiac quantity of the butt.
No, I meant like that's a butthole.
Okay, good.
Good, wonderful.
Just saying people do that.
Wait, people actually can't technically, like from a physics point of view,
people can't eat buttholes.
It's very, that's why.
They can't eat the absence of thing.
They can't eat the absence of butt.
I guess you ate my butthole.
You can, but you're so hungry after it.
I don't have a hole down there anymore.
It's just a continuum of flesh.
The only thing they can eat buttholes is the langoliers.
Because they can actually, they bend space and time.
You know Alfred Hitchcock doesn't have a belly button.
Is that true?
Yeah, it's true.
That's because he's dead.
Well, okay.
Yeah, okay.
He doesn't have a lot of things anymore.
Okay, but no, yeah, he had surgery when he was a kid
and they sewed up his belly button.
So he didn't have a belly button.
So he's just like a matryoshka doll or whatever it's called.
You can just stack multiple Alfred Hitchcock inside one of them.
Um, man, I bet that they're, I feel like most of the people
that buy apps, and like I buy a shit ton of apps,
but like I just have this feeling that most of the people
that buy apps are dumb.
And so I really do think that this vibration,
we could get like a doctor to sign off on it and be like,
yeah, put that on your dip, on your dipstick,
and it's going to increase in size.
Take it from me, doctor, doctor.
Wait, so we've somehow veered from edible butt parts
to an app that makes your dick bigger?
Or your butt or whatever you put on it.
Maybe you put it on your muscle.
It vibrates it and the doctor says it works.
With that kind of power, what if you like left it on your pinky
for too long and then you got a giant pinky finger.
Oh yeah, oh man, it'd be rough.
It'd be like the end of Akira.
You'd just flood a whole city with your body.
Do you think there's a metal detector app?
See, that's exactly the kind of shit I'm talking about.
Like, point your camera at the ground.
We can tell when there's metal in it.
Like you suit, you wicked can't.
You totally can't.
Okay, there definitely is.
And it says for fun only.
Yeah, okay.
So no business, no business applications?
No business applications for this imaginary metal detector.
Okay, fine.
But I was gonna do science.
Ah, damn it.
Quiet, I'm downloading it.
And you need full focus to do that?
How do you download stuff on your iPhone?
Hold on, I have to stare at it to make it work.
I gotta remember my password.
He hand checks each bit and bite.
Yes, yeah.
I made my password deliberately difficult to remember and enter
to prevent myself from drunk buying any more apps.
I need a metal detector.
An online textbook, $60.
Sure thing.
First review.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
First review, it is a fake.
It goes by the way you tilt your iPhone.
Second review, works for most metals.
Okay, guys.
That is obviously like a plant.
But if you're gonna get a plant, why is that plant like,
I don't know, it's cobalt, just fine.
But 10, it can't seem to, doesn't seem to grok 10.
But it got cobalt for me, so.
Oh my God.
Here's a great review, delete it.
Does not work on any iPad touch and that is five stars.
Perfect.
It is great in its horribleness.
Oh man.
Let's get another question from one of our beloved readers.
What do you guys say?
No.
I'm a straight lady that happens to be very picky about the guys I date.
So I've been single for a long time.
My bestie, who's significantly less picky,
interpreted my longstanding singleness as asexuality.
Or at least I think she has.
Anytime someone hits on me or I hit on someone around her,
she practically shouts out I'm asexual until they go away.
She expects me to thank her for saving me from them.
She also makes jokes about how asexual I am constantly.
I don't want her shoving guys in my face, but this is out of control.
How can I explain to her that I'm not asexual
without her thinking I'm hiding in the closet?
That's from Persnickety in Ohio.
Why don't you just say it?
Why don't you just say get the fuck?
What the fuck are you doing there misery?
Because you're fucking creeping me out.
Hey Sharon, maybe don't bring it up.
You can feel that way all you want to,
but maybe that's not the opening line when you see me talking to a fella.
Hey, maybe like you've had kind of a cold streak
because your friend Sharon tells everybody you're asexual.
Yeah, you dug that your vagina grew over.
Maybe that's the issue.
I'm not like a relationship scientist or anything, but that seems probable.
I will also say that it's kind of offensive that there's a population,
the segment of the population that is actually living with asexuality.
This is like a group of people.
It's not like a goof.
There's like actual asexual people.
Yeah, it's not like a cool thing for you to be like,
oh, she doesn't sleep with anyone.
She's totally asexual.
That's like an actual thing.
Hey dog.
You know, they've got their own struggles trying to get accepted in society
without your friend Sharon trying to pussy block you at every turn.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Is that like the acceptable thing for cock blocking?
I could come up with way worse terms.
I know you could.
No, I want to hear like three of them.
Oh God.
Lip zipping.
No, I don't want to hear half of one.
Ladies and gentlemen, Travis Patrick McElroy.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Oh no, they can find a social now.
Social, social.
Oh, that's rough.
This is so fucking sta-
This seems like this isn't even to me a conundrum.
Just say the fucking shit and be like,
hey, I need you to cut that shit out.
Yeah.
Not only is it not cool,
but it's also making me less likely to find someone
that I actually meets my high standards.
You know what I mean?
Like, your friend is unless.
Unless.
Oh, I know what you're thinking.
She's trying to Mulholland drive you.
Oh no.
That's probably not true though.
Well, there's also the possibility that you,
okay, this is awful,
but I'm going to tell you that maybe you are unconsciously wing manning Sharon.
Wait a minute.
What?
You're going out to these bars together.
Shit.
Okay.
So, no, this one pretty much doesn't even have a vagina.
I'm Sharon, by the way.
This is what, oh man.
I'm just saying that Sharon may enjoy having someone
that is not on the pursuit.
They're just talking her up and making her look good.
So you're getting the guys all heated up, right?
Sharon is poaching.
Oh my God, you're right.
I'm just saying, like, she likes you as her partner in crime going out on the town
because you're not a threat to her game.
That all makes perfect sense to me.
It does it though.
But I'm upset that maybe we've been doing this show for too long as a result.
Should that make sense?
Now we have to ask a question.
It totally makes sense.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, it's because everyone in the world is devious.
Everybody's got secrets.
Well, I'm okay.
Okay, everybody does have secret.
I mean, like, she probably just thinks, okay.
We are all so sort of lost with how to behave in public
that I think that there's part of us that likes having like a bit, you know, that you can do.
Like a routine, something that's comfortable where you kind of like,
oh yeah, that's kind of our bit.
So when we go out, our bit is I, you know, I pretend she's asexual and she's not.
I don't actually know what the conclusion of the bit is, but...
The person fucks the guy that this girl was trying to hook up with.
That's the conclusion.
That's how it shakes out, right?
Yeah, I don't know.
I think it just sucks no matter what.
Even if she thinks she's being harmless, like it's still kind of a bitchy thing to do.
It is, it sucks.
Yeah, I think you just need to...
Unless, unless she's trying to set you up as like, can't fuck this.
You know what I mean?
Oh, she's putting her on a pedestal preemptively.
This is what I'm saying.
It's not what I'm saying though, cause it's the dumbest.
Let's just say it.
Get it out there.
I, if you say that this person doesn't have sexual, then the person, if the person is
the right kind of person, or by which I mean the wrongest person ever, they might say,
well, I can get some sexual in there.
I bet.
Let me see.
I bet I can.
Let me, you haven't seen what I do in there up and around it.
Let me find out.
Maybe you're just Dansexual and hold on.
Let Dan find out what's going on in there.
Maybe this whole time you've been Dansexual.
Might I suggest Dan?
Hey, don't be Danphobic.
This is...
Let me break you off some Dan, just real quick.
Just the taste of the flavor.
You know what they say, once you go Dan, hey, did you try the flan?
Cause Dan makes flan for you after he makes love to you.
Dan's the flan man, don't even worry about it.
That's basically Dan's calling card.
If you smell flan, you know Dan's been fucking.
Do you want to fuck Dan and eat some flan?
Oh, what's that?
You don't like flan?
I understand.
The weirdest Dr. Seuss book ever.
Dan the man with the flan plan, fucking.
Dan's about two things, fucking and eating flan and we're all out of flan.
On his deathbed, Dr. Seuss handed that book to his publisher, like, wait till you-
Dr. Seuss is like, listen, I know, I know I told you that I didn't have any more books.
I said I was out the game, but wait till you hear my new shit.
I know I've been battling with mild dementia, but I believe this is my magnum opus.
That bitch is fine.
Let me know what you think.
It's like that scene in Proof.
It's from the notebook.
This is just pictures of a guy fucking some flan.
He had so many characters, Dan the flan fucking man.
What do you think?
What do you think, Seuss Incorporated?
Can I get another hit?
No.
We are already building the ride at Universal.
We're about to edit this more than the original story for Hop on Pop.
You're on fire today.
I know.
Absolutely.
Just keep passing him the rock.
Speaking of fucking flan, do you guys want to go to the Money Zone?
That's who I am.
We got a message from Marissa Yoko Hankins.
Either that's her actual name or she told her group of friends.
We'll probably never know the truth.
Now she's OG.
I recognize that Twitter tag.
Cassie Rosenbrock is who this message is from and she says, happy 26, Marissa.
She's hilarious and kind.
She works with nuns and she doesn't even use swears around them.
She has a complicated dog named Tofu.
She's converted everyone she knows to an NBNBAM fan, presumably not the nuns.
Well, yes, I don't see anything wrong with this.
And she deserves the best NBNBAM wish money can buy.
So happy birthday.
Happy birthday, Marissa.
Happy birthday, here's your flan.
I hope you have a crab-solutely wonderful birthday.
No, no.
Trav, hit me with this new one.
Hey, do you guys like iPhone games?
Yeah.
How about Bowt?
Tell me about it.
It sounds cool.
Wait, wait, hold on.
Tell me Bowt it.
I'll tell you Bowt Bowt.
Bowt is a photo taking game you play with friends.
It's made by Awkward Hug and College Humor.
So that's pretty awesome right there.
And Awkward Hug are huge My Brother, My Brother, and Me fans.
I wrote a post about this game the other day.
I had no idea that they were part of the-
Oh, shit.
Cross Pro.
I know.
The NBNBAM Illuminati group.
I don't know.
Skulls and Bonin.
What do we call our secret fans?
Like our fans-
I said Skulls and Bonin.
Okay, Skulls and Bonin.
The Illuma- The Illuma-naughty.
So in Bowt, I'll explain the rules because they just didn't do it.
But luckily, I have that knowledge.
By the way, maybe you should hire some marketing PR because
you obviously don't know how to write promotional spots on comedy podcasts.
You set up a category like do your best Spider-Man
and then all your friends take pictures of themselves doing the best Spider-Man
and then the judge votes on the best picture.
That's such a good idea.
Yeah.
I like that a lot.
It's fun.
So it's just B-O-U-T?
Check it out.
Get it on the iTunes store.
Yeah.
I'm gonna-
You're gonna be bad about it.
This next one, I'm gonna say I'm very excited about.
Oh, hit me, Trav.
I'm ready.
You need to visit corndogday.com and order your party pack.
Click on party pack button and get it.
Seriously, get it.
Happy National Corn Dog Day, everybody.
National Corn Dog Day is March 23rd.
What's that?
It's a day to gather friends,
watch the college basketball tournament,
and eat fucking corndogs.
Lots and lots of corndogs.
Forget feats of strength.
Try the triple double.
Ten corndogs, ten beer, and eight hun-
No, sorry.
And a hundred tater tots.
Four.
I heard everything.
Susan, it happened again.
God damn this holiday.
Ten corndogs, ten beers, a hundred tater tots,
in a single afternoon.
Many have tried.
Few have achieved.
Ramp up the ultimate celebration on meat on sticks
by ordering a corndog day party pack.
The party pack have coupons for free boxes of corndogs,
posters, t-shirts, and other fun stuff.
So go to corndogday.com and get it.
What the fuck, you guys?
Isn't that awesome?
It's- but it doesn't make-
I get like the national dairy farmers
like doing commercials for milk and shit,
but like corndog seems pretty esoteric
to have its own-
Brought to you by the council for corndogs.
I guess.
I mean, man, I haven't eaten a corndog
in a fucking grip though.
I know.
Oh, man.
I want one really bad now.
Yeah, like when you-
corndogs are one of those things
where if you don't think about them a lot,
well, you're like most people,
but when you do think about them,
sometimes you just get fixated.
Yeah, it's like when you hear hooves
and you think zebra, then you're-
You wanna eat a zebra dog.
You're legally insane.
Look at this art on the front page of corndog day
that I just put in the Skype window, guys.
It's like giant, this brawny woodman
is airlifting giant corndogs into a truck.
And now all I can think about is eating a corndog.
They'll kill you in a day,
but now I want 10 corndogs,
10 beers and 800 datadogs.
So we hear you wanna make your butt bigger.
Well, we've got a recipe for you.
It's the Ass Stopper XXL Butt Plug
brought to you by ExtremeRestraints.com.
Now for just $55, we're gonna get you into a butt plug.
Well, no, sorry.
We're gonna get a butt plug in you.
What's it gonna take for me to get this butt plug in you?
Mom, dark it down.
Before you leave our storeroom floor today,
I wanna put this butt plug in you.
Now let me give you guys some perspective here
because I feel like as we mature,
that is the most valuable thing we glean.
The Ass Stopper is a super huge butt plug.
Now this is from the experts.
That's its gauge.
That's its official gauge, right?
That's its gauge.
That's from the experts at ExtremeRestraints.com.
It's a super huge butt plug
and it stands about nine inches high
and its widest point is five inches wide.
Justin, no kidding.
This thing is enormous.
This thing looks like a...
I'm looking at it
and there's an unshirted gentleman holding it
and he looks like he's accepting a CableAce award.
It is a massive...
He looks tired.
He looks like he's suffering back problems from...
You see his tendons straining under the weight
of this three pound butt plug
and yes, I did say three pounds of filling pleasure.
That of course is not all that ExtremeRestraints.com has to offer.
It's got lots of things you can purchase
for your vagina and your butt and stuff
and it's all 20% off if you use...
Quick question, what about my wiener and balls?
Oh, it's got...
If you're not supposed to show it in public,
ExtremeRestraints has got something to stick in it
or stick it in
and it's all 20% off if you use the coupon code MIDDLIST.
If you go to ExtremeRestraints.com
you can also find Extreme Restraints University
which have feature length free videos
about how to fuck dirty.
So if you wanna do it raw and real...
Have you been searching all over the internet
for videos of people having sex
but just haven't been able to find them?
Don't worry.
There's a whole video about dominant diva.
There's one about male chastity.
There's one which actually I think I saw that
in church camp once, that male chastity video.
I think we signed a pledge and got some rings
if I remember correctly.
Right, but the ring wasn't a tiny cage
that you put around your penis with a sign on it.
It says bad.
It might've been, I didn't look.
ExtremeRestraints.com is the website.
You can use the coupon code MIDDLIST.
Save 20%
Good luck not jerking off.
Next question.
Friends are constantly telling me
I should move away from Oklahoma
cause there's nothing here for me.
I understand there's a lot to do
and experience in other parts of the country
but I spent my whole life here.
Currently planning on going back to school
getting a master's in education, teaching English
which would give me plenty of time
during the summer, winter, spring breaks
to travel and see the better states.
That's better in quotes by the way.
Will I regret not moving out of okay
and seeing what else is out there?
Additional details.
I'm a musician.
People tell me I'll never have the chance
to blow up if I stay here
but I think I get to play plenty.
Are people just projecting their ambitions on me?
That's from OK Oklahoma.
Man, this is gonna get real.
Yeah, they are projecting their ambitions onto you
which is what we are about to do also.
Brace your ears.
Maybe.
Travis, give us some perspective on Oklahoma first.
I'm gonna say this because having been from,
lived in both Oklahoma and West Virginia
two of the most shatter upon states in the union.
I think that my take on it is that
every state is more or less the same.
If you discount California and New York
every state is just about the same.
They have big cities like two or three,
you know, maybe more big cities
and then lots of open space in between.
You know what I mean?
Like I look at Ohio and it's got, you know
Columbus and Cincinnati and Cleveland
which are huge cities.
If you drive like 10 minutes
or they're relatively large cities.
If you drive 10 minutes outside of Cincinnati
there ain't nothing.
Yeah, it's a fart hole.
I mean, it's the same driving into Chicago and Illinois.
You know, you drive from Cincinnati to there.
You hit Chicago, it's gigantic
but like 20 miles outside of Chicago, it's farmland.
Yeah, but I think what's more important
than just Oklahoma.
I think that the point of,
if you are, if you are, here's what I'll say.
If you are having any doubts at all about it
you definitely, definitely need to look around.
Like you definitely need to do a tour
like you're planning on.
Cause like you really won't know
what is best for you out there
until you, until you look
like that's the only way that you can check it out
and look in earnest.
I think it's a great point, Griffin.
I think you can, you can get conditioned to one area
and think that other areas are,
they become more foreign to you
and that you think, well, I could never be at home there.
So I would heartily recommend,
I mean, like obviously I've decided to,
to settle here in West Virginia.
I've been all over.
I mean, I've been to most of the major American cities
and I've, I've checked it out.
I've seen what's going on
and I've, I've, you know, I've always wanted to come back here.
You got, you got scared by all the cars.
It's like, what are the, what are these Triceratops?
Like, I don't know.
What are these fire breathing?
I don't know.
The thing is, is like, I think the important thing
to keep in mind is end up where the best,
like the best setting for what you want to do.
You know what I mean?
So for example, if you want to teach,
you know, college English,
make sure you settle down near a college
that has a good English department.
And not in Chicago,
because it's very hard to get a teaching job there.
Yeah, but if you want to do music,
if you want to go the music route,
then yeah, you probably don't want to end up
in Norman, Oklahoma.
Yeah.
That said, that said, like, you know,
I know lots of people that they live in smaller towns
and they play at bars and they play music festivals.
And maybe that's like fun for you.
Like you can just, I mean, yeah,
you're not going to blow up. Like, do you want to?
That seems really hard.
It seems really hard to be like a big, gigantic rock star.
It seems like the odds are probably,
see that, that is my only problem
with people moving to giant cities,
banking, like a huge, a very unlikely career on them.
You know, like if you want to,
first off with the internet,
now you can have a music career outside of New York,
LA, Chicago.
I mean, you can sell music direct to people
and build a following that way.
And yeah, I mean, eventually you'll probably need to tour
if you start to catch on.
But like, you look at a musician like Jonathan Colton,
he built his following completely online
before he ever started.
Well, that's what Brent did.
Sure, yeah.
Yeah, that's what Brent did.
Well, he started on YouTube
and now he very rarely actually performs in New York.
He travels to conferences and does all that.
You know, I reminded my friend Maggie,
her dad is a standup comic.
He started when he was like 30, 35, kind of late,
a little bit late.
And he makes his living entirely off of doing standup comedy
and he just tours, you know?
He'll stop and play a week somewhere
and then go home and, you know, be home for a while
and that's how he makes his living.
And he, you know, lives in Oklahoma
and, you know, you just tour to other places.
He's got kids all up and down 66, I bet.
I'm saying your friend's dad is an adulterer.
No, no, I picked that up after I agreed with it.
Now I feel awful.
Yeah.
But it's one of those things where,
like, you make your own scenario, dude.
You know what I mean?
So if you want to stay in Oklahoma and do other things,
do it, you know?
But that said, there are better environments
for certain things.
Like, if you want to work in the film industry,
yeah, you probably shouldn't stay, you know, in Oklahoma.
It's so hard to be happy.
It is.
And if you're happy in Oklahoma,
like, fucking ride that comet, little prince.
It couldn't be, like, that couldn't be,
that's the most important thing.
And it seems like such an obvious thing,
but I had so many friends that left college or high school
and said, like, I'm just going to move to this place
because, you know, I think I could find a job there
and be very successful.
And none of them were especially happy.
I don't know.
That's why I kept moving around after I graduated
because, I don't know, I just couldn't,
I wasn't as happy as I am now in Austin.
And I, like, I knew that it was out there.
I just, it wasn't for me in Huntington or Cincinnati
or Chicago.
Like, I had to come here to find it.
You know, Teresa and I have had a lot of discussions
about this and I apologize to our listeners
because, like, none of this is really funny.
But Teresa and I had a conversation about this
very early on.
And the idea is, like, the thing to keep in mind is
places don't make you happy.
No.
Like, you got to be happy in the place.
The place can have shit that makes you happy.
But, ultimately, humans, like, we don't need that much shit.
Like, I need a few nice restaurants
and a bar that I can go to that doesn't give me the creepos
and a movie theater where all the people don't talk.
And, literally, if I have all that shit
and I'm basically set.
Even if you talk to people who are in New York,
you know, you ask them about, you know,
what's your favorite Thai place?
Well, there is the Thai place that is within two blocks of me.
Right.
And you'll ask about someplace else.
I don't know.
That's three blocks away.
How can I know where that is?
I don't know.
What am I, a millionaire?
I can't travel.
You know, it's just like, you know,
find a place that makes you happy.
Now, if Oklahoma makes you happy, then, yeah,
don't worry about it, dude.
But if you find yourself, like, sighing out the window,
then, yeah, maybe go explore.
We're not.
Go rambling.
I don't mean to make it sound like we're shitting on New York.
It's just like, I don't know.
I think that it really does come down to the type of person
you are.
If you can put up with having way, way, way, way, way more shit
in the place you live than you could possibly ever see,
and as a result, sort of pay a convenience tax on that shit,
like, yeah, there are 100 Thai places to go to.
But like, buying groceries fucking sucks.
Like, I think that if you are that kind of person,
you can make that trade off.
Go for it.
Seriously, though, you have to look around.
And I know that this has been kind of long and not funny,
but I feel like this is, like, a huge issue that a lot of people
We're a more mobile society than we've ever been before.
Yes.
It makes more sense than ever before, I think, too.
It's never been easier to, like, stay in con—
I mean, stay connected to the place you grew up
and to the people that you love.
And I think that makes us feel a lot more, you know,
I think it puts more of an onus on you sometimes to travel
because it, you know, you can still stay tethered to—
Yeah, and I think it's also—
I also think it's a social, you know, thing
where there's kind of an understanding that, like,
oh, if you really want to live it up,
then you got to move somewhere bigger.
Yeah, fuck that.
Yeah, I think that's bullshit.
There is no best city, like, period, except for Austin.
You just have to find the best city for you,
which is probably Austin.
Okay, let's move on.
Griffin, do you have a Yahoo question for me?
Yeah, I sure do.
I've been waiting for it, and I think you know the one I need.
Oh, I don't.
This one was sent in by Brian Root.
Thanks, Brian.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Machi, who asks,
what are the consequences of brandishing a samurai sword in public?
Can I just walk downtown with it without troubling anyone?
I don't know, can you?
I don't know.
Since that's never happened before ever,
it's hard to answer.
I don't know, Time Ninja.
Can you fucking keep it under wraps and keep your heels cool
while you're walking down the street with that samurai sword?
Wait, okay, wait, wait, wait.
When he says brandishing, does he mean, like,
on his belt?
Or is he, like, he's walking around carrying it?
He's walking full blown.
Like, brandishing is out of the scabbard.
Yeah, brandishing is out of the scabbard, like, shaking it at people.
Right, scabbard in one hand, samurai sword in the other.
I'm not troubling you.
Holding them out, holding them aloft, full blown Michonne,
just, like, ready to, looking like he's about to wreck shit.
I think that I've never seen someone with a samurai sword
scabbarded or unscabbarded.
There, I wasn't troubled.
I will be troubled.
The trouble is inherent to having the samurai sword there.
Unless you are a block away from San Diego Comic Con.
But even then, it's like, go back to your fucking zoo.
Then if you go half a block more,
just a guy with a shotgun goes head on back now.
Yep, nope, turn, turn right back around.
He's going head on right on back.
All right.
Prison, I think, is a pretty, pretty solid consequence.
See, I disagree, Griffin, and I think it's psychiatric counseling.
I go, hey, so why did you think that was a good idea?
Holy shit.
This would be, like, an amazing movement against, like, gun nut people.
As if, like, if people who don't like guns,
why are they called anti-gun people?
Just carrying around giant swords in public.
And then the gun people are like, hey, you're making me super uncomfortable.
And it's like, that's how that little thing in your belt makes me feel.
I think what you have to do is you got to make sure,
is there, like, some kind of government agency
you go to to get a permit to carry your sword?
There's got to be, right?
You get a concealed carry for your gun.
I think the True Love Weights card works pretty much the same way.
Promise not to have sex.
Yep.
You got it.
You got it.
Here's your sword.
That's what they should hand out at True Love Weights.
Instead of a promise ring, you get a promise samurai sword
because you are not having sex tonight.
And here's either this or these steampunk goggles or this gesture hat.
Man, fucking my kids will never believe high school in the aughts.
There's a story called Hot Topic.
It fucking sucked.
No, surely that's just a story of legends.
It was real.
It sucked.
Everything was really, really bad.
It was a bad, bad time.
It was a bad time, basically, for everybody.
Nobody fucked.
That's why the population dropped so significantly.
Now hand me some of those MREs and some of the boiler water
so we can continue to thrive in the Outlands.
Let's see it.
Thanks for nothing, Hot Topic.
Here we wear our goggles unironically to protect ourselves from the radiation.
That's in the death tornadoes.
I wish we had samurai swords now because of the mutants.
Hot Topic is going to sponsor children of men, too.
And it's going to be like, no babies have been born.
It's not because we stop fucking.
It's just like, who wants to look at him?
Look at him.
He looks like a cyber clown.
Clive Owen wearing ironic Super Mario t-shirt.
Well, we're not fucking.
His shirt has cat dog on it.
It smells like Funyuns.
I hate him.
What happened to you, Clive Owen?
You were in shoot him up.
But now you're bracing that spikes on it.
It's four inches wide.
I'm having a hard time thinking about fucking you
because you're playing Dance Dance Revolution.
Can we go?
Can we go?
Can you put me in your giant black denim jean pocket and carry me away?
Like a kangaroo.
We done?
Yep.
Is that it?
Enough jokes?
All right.
This has been My Brother, My Brother Meets an Advice Show for the Modern Era.
We thank you so much for listening to it and enjoying it.
Thank you to people tweeting about our program using the MBMBAM hashtag.
I would ask that you, if you're going to tweet about our show,
throw in some links to our sampler.
It's bit.ly forward slash it's my bim bam.
How's the second chapter of that coming out?
The second one is like I'm sort of in the works.
Justin's, it's been done for months.
Justin's just whittling every precious millisecond off of it.
He's trying to hone it down to the perfect.
I just want to get it perfect and done.
So that's coming along.
I'm getting there.
And thank you for sharing the show.
Yeah.
Hey, we need to get real serious for a moment.
Okay.
So there's this whole issue going around with podcasts.
And there are some patent trolls that are really just being assholes.
They're jerks.
Yeah.
Basically what it is, is they're claiming that they invented podcasts
and everything that people do is illegal and infringing on their copyright.
Our friends at Stuff You Should Know have been hit by it.
Adam Kroll has been hit by it.
It's a bunch of really shitty dudes doing this.
Our only hope is right now going through Congress.
It's what's called the Shield Act,
which basically says that if this frivolous lawsuit comes up,
if the podcast wins, if the defendant wins,
the patent troll is forced to pay the legal fees.
Right.
It's the odds of us losing is negligible,
but the legal fees would be, they would be crippling to,
you know, if it hit us, it would be like pretty much the end of,
like I don't think we could pay for what it would take to do it.
And I think if Maximum Fun got hit, like it would be devastating.
So we'd have to just start emailing you.
We'd have to start mailing cassette tapes.
Right.
It would become a whole underground podcast movement.
Do you know those email chains that your stepdad forwards to you
and they kind of say some offensive stuff about Justice Sotomayor?
And you're like, I don't know how to feel about this.
That is basically what would be reduced to is email chains
that we would send through your stepdad.
So we're going to be posting a link for it today.
We're working with the Electronic Frontier Foundation
to mobilize podcast fans to contact their congresspeople about the Shield Act
and tell them to, you know, pass it and help us.
And it's really, it's important to us.
It's important to Maximum Fun, but more than anything,
it's kind of important to the podcast medium in general.
So, you know, you guys are fans.
Let's stop this thing together, I guess.
So when we post that URL, I'm not sure you click it and do what you need to do.
Yes, we can.
Yes, we can.
Finally.
Change.
Change.
Changing to believe in.
So that's going to do it for us here.
I'm my brother, my brother and me.
Thanks to John Roderick and a lot of winners for letting us use their song.
It's a departure of the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
You can go get that on iTunes and make sure you join us again next Monday
for my brother and my brother and me.
Oh, if you want to email us your questions, your quandaries, your queries,
you send them to mbnbam at maximumfun.org.
And if you want to get a birthday announcement or whatever,
congratulate someone in a shout out.
It's at maximumfun.org forward slash Jumbotron.
It's finally out.
Who was sent in by Ira Ray?
Are you Ira Ray?
See, I just tried to sing it, like sing the first part
so that we could just like get through it as fast as we could.
No dice.
OK.
Thanks, Ira Ray.
It's by Yahoo Answers user moremots who asks,
what around the house stuff can I use to make my daughter
look like Benjamin Franklin?
He's Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me, kiss your dad.
