The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome my brother my brother main advice show for the modular. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your miller's brother Travis the unstoppable McElroy. I'm Griffin. Whoa, they tried to get me
I'm Griffin McElroy enough about you. I'm Griffin
Mackle but Travis Travis is back. I'm unstoppable
He's unstoppable. They can I'm down. I just want to say and
listen, I mean I yeah, I had coven and it gave me a lot of time to think and
And maybe some of the threads and the tapestry revealed themselves to me. Oh boy
It became pretty obvious to me that this whole coven thing was a conspiracy
Don't look my thing is don't look too close at the loom
So we all make that or the loom looks back. Here's the thing
I don't know if you guys noticed this I got coven shortly after Joe Biden was like, okay pandemics done
Kind of makes it seem like maybe it was all set up to get to me waiting
until
The party don't stop till Travis gets kovat and walk in
More like Jovid because it seems like he set this whole thing up to take me out of the game Jovid
I wonder if anyone's ever said that yeah, and this close to election season
Maybe trying to take this key player that out of the game some red flags and okay
Clack songs for me. Well Travis. Yeah about one month before election season Jovid
Finally came to the culmination of his two and a half year plan to doubt Travis out of the game
And we all saw the numbers shift when Trav when Trav E got it
Or rather I guess when it got Trav E when it got to me, but you know what I fucking beat it Joe
Yeah, I got it Joe we beat I beat it. So Joe Rogan
Oh sucks, but got a lot it sort of buzz about him when he got
Kovat. Yeah, and then think of those numbers
Well, he took off his clothes his clothes revealing his big beautiful body and he did like his secret like
You know Alex Jones spa
sesh
that he did that helped him kind of like hop over it and so
Obviously everything we're about to say is a goof in a bit
But is there anything that you want to share about sort of your recovery period?
That you could go viral for no pun intended
Yeah, just for that
I mean, I know Jovids over and no one else is gonna get it but I'm gonna get it if hypothetically someone did if there were
Some key learnings that you had and this is a joke and a bit. Yeah, I ate a lot of cookies
A good bunch of what kind? Oh
Any kind I could get my hand on really a lot of the soft bake
I had some German style cookies from the Aldi that really helped power me through that vitamin cookie
Interesting knitting but the blanket I made is far too wide far too wide
Which I'm regretting is a scarf. Well, no, it's a blanket for my child. Yeah, but it's too wide. It's a scarf
It's a scar. Oh, wait. We're doing a bit right now about
Travis's Joe Rogan Alex Jones spa techniques to get over kovat
But I do actually want to explore Justin's bit that he's just proposed which is like
Bit is like putting it to struggle. Yeah. Okay
And so wait, so Justin that's all it was is that if I stop making the blanket now, yeah
It's a scarf. Yeah
And if you had started a while back
You know, you would have had a nice little maybe a potholder. Yeah
Coaster. Oh
Trav, I'm sorry. You got
I'm sorry
You got covered but good news is you had plenty of time to watch hocus-pocus, too
And I'm one more like joke is focused to it's part of it
Okay, more like crocus
You watch hocus-pocus to you. How many times I wanted to do a quick count just like how many yeah
How many times you probably are gonna put us to shame. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah a leaderboard trap. I
Watched Josie and the Pussycats for the first time. Ah
And that kind of took up took up a lot of my time I watched I
watched
All of season 12 a taskmaster. Are you gonna tell me single digits?
Well, I guess Justin that depends on if you consider zero a digit. Yeah, it's one
I guess it's that would be now that the definition of zero is a mathematical value between positive and negative values
So I do not think that is a single
single number
But if I had ten you would say that's a digit number
Your shot and you blew actually dead to me stranger Griffin, yeah, what's your count of hocus-pocus, too
I can't believe you'd even ask me something like that
You old dog. What's the number?
Two is the number at the end of the film hocus-pocus, too. You thought and here's what's fucked up. Yeah
It's scary that
in the first movie these three
Sorcerers did a lot of pretty heinous shit mostly two kids and we have a lot of fun
watching
Watching bet fly around on her vacuum or whatever and we love to see Kathy and a Jimmy up there
Just like making us bust up but like they were trained to for sure kill some kids and they kill some kids
Yeah, they definitely they're they're KD Raich
vis-a-vis kids is higher than
Acceptable limits they killed at least two kids
This is what I wanted to speak on and I'm gonna try to not go into hocus-pocus to spoil you too much
But because I know the community's seen it but you know, you never know maybe people scheduling it
these these these
ladies, yeah, really
Stretch of the definition because they don't act very ladylike. No, thank you. Thank you Travis
So, you know half of their story search. All right. Yeah, you know what egg on my face
I think became cultural icons
Right and it to an extent where and they were so I would say this is like they're memetic, you know
The returns of Sanders and sisters and I just I gotta wonder how many times Disney have been like we really wish
We hadn't had them eat kids. Yeah
We went pretty hard on that
Yeah, and the first time you see the Sanders and sisters in this new movie hocus-pocus, too
they are immediately doing a rendition of
the bitch is back, but
It's the witches. Oh shit, which is her back
That's a media the three of them and it's like split-screen like do do do do
Yeah
And I was watching it with about eight people and everybody's kind of like a the same
Sisters got bopping around and I'm kind of thinking myself. They do kill kids. They kill any
Sure
They killed so many kids. We had to kill them and then you put them on enough
Fucking Halloween costumes. Yeah, and all of a sudden it's like well, what's a kid?
I don't I bet you could charge and I'm I don't hold me to the timeline of this
But it seems to me that you could chart like Disney did hocus-pocus
definite 100% kid death and then
Subsequent Disney films, especially the made-for-tv ones. They're like we got a mummy
I think there's a werewolf in there either leprechaun, but zero kid death in them even in like under wraps
The mummy is like pretty chill. Yeah, never kills a kid and it was like they were like we
We went hard on that one and everyone seems to love the ones that killed the kids the most
Yeah
None of the other ones hit as hard as the three ladies who murdered a child in the first five minutes
Everyone's just wild about these these ladies that murder and what scares me is that they can't they can't be killed. So it's like
law of large numbers eventually
Every kid is done. So every child is done
So leave no child left behind out of their cauldron where they will mash them into some sort of hold
anti-aging poultice
Style yeah style and there's nothing we can do about it because they can't die. It's not fair
It's a joke from God on us. Hey Justin
Can you tell me one thing and this is a spoiler, of course, but and everybody jump ahead three seconds. He's Salem in it
Salem
Do you do you mean you don't mean Salem Salem's from oh, you're right, right, right the cat arena the teenager
binks binks
Binks factory binks. I can't believe
Fucking forgot that name you remember his first name. Yes, but you forget his cat
I'm factory being a voice by Jason Marsden played by a different actor in the film
Which I love because they basically said we don't want it to look like Jason Marsden and we don't want it to sound like you
I mean that happened but not since David Prowse and James Earl Jones
I actually don't know. It's inconclusive Travis. Wait, how many times have you seen the film doesn't
I will say this infinitely more than you guys
Okay, did you did you have to cover your eyes through most of it justice?
None of it was very scary
I will I will give you one incredible twist that I did not see coming and this is really gonna freak you out
Sam Richardson is a treasure and a huge
addition to the film so
Twist Sam Richardson is bringing his a-game and is a delight is for every phrase Doug Jones back
It's Billy Butchers Billy Butcherson Billy the zombie
Billy Billy for zombie Billy was always back and hanky-panky
Yeah, it's good, it's uh, yeah, there's probably a lot of reasons why it's immoral to recommend it hocus-pocus, too
Let's uh, this is an advice show
Quick Yeti update. I received four offers of a Yeti cooler since our last recording
I got an expiring soon. Your name came up for a Yeti hopper cooler
Well, I've been chosen for a Yeti hopper into any cooler. Yeah, please verify where to send the newest model yet. Hurry up
Confirm now another Yeti backpack cooler. I've won so many of these things. Yeah, you all would not even believe
So what are you doing with all of yeah, what are you gonna do with it? Yeah, you don't really live I would say a cooler
Lifestyle, you're not usually out in places where you
Don't have access to cold
beverages and in fact
I would go so far as to say Griffin that Justin has arranged a lot of his like decisions to make sure he's never too
Far away from a place where he could put things to become cold. That's a great. Yeah, it's a great question. I've received
I have one according to the spam folder of my email. I've won 30 for Yeti coolers shit. Hey, yeah, it's May
Yeah, but that's how they get you because what they want me to do is pay for shipping. Mm-hmm. I bet on each one
So I'm not gonna do that
I'm gonna wait until it seems like the tide has stemmed of Yeti coolers that I have won and
Then I will say ship them all to me. Oh
Oh in one in bulk. I think our I think cool. I think our nation's
Dwindling beautiful Yeti population is how are you having a tough enough time?
Yeah, we don't need to be killing them and turning their you know, it's a cavity sort of chest cavities into
Beer beer. I got pretty serious. You really brought it down. Go funding didn't expect it to go such a place
This is an advice show
and
I'm so thrilled to be here. We were we missed you last week, and I'm happy to be back. That's all there is to it
Sorry. Yeah, sorry. I got coven San Jose Denver. We're sorry. I felt so terrible. He really did
You really thought I was worried about him. Yeah, we all feel bad. I had to be with my I
Had to be with my family all week. I didn't get to go to the Winchester Mystery House
Which I was really planning to let's just say but we've all suffered. Yeah, we've all suffered
You guys through your own violence by not watching hocus-pocus, too. That's a suffering you've brought on yourself. I'm good
Ah, I'm looking to get some advice on what to do if you're at a super fancy and official art auction
Yes, where people raise little numbered signs to bet on art
Best the best the dream dream the dream. I'd be so paranoid right is that I would actually bid. Yeah
Keep reading Justin
What if you goof up and dress all posh and then you get yourself one of the number bid signs and you place a bid
On purpose that you know, you can't pay but you think somebody will immediately outbid you but nobody does and the gavel is struck
You what it what's the best excuse?
Or way to get out of your poor decision-making. That's from Ben who I have to say an extremely specific email Ben
I'm a little bit nervous, but
Relate I'm saying I think Ben may have may have stumbled into this this scenario
Maybe what I've got what I've got is a very particular set of skills by which I mean a very specific anxiety
which I guarantee is shared by like 90% of the adult population and that is the specific anxiety of going to a
event a place whatever where there is a very specific like set the order and of operations in which to do things and
Feeling like everyone else knows exactly what that is
Except me and the chances that I will get in a wrong line go in a wrong door sit in the wrong seat
whatever and even just gently be corrected by another human adult and
Melting to an Alex Mack puddle of shame is so high
That it has stopped me from going to many a fancy art auction, which I'm definitely invited to all the time
I would say two things one. There's always a chance
That as soon as the auction concludes and you just bought it for a billion dollars or whatever
That then the painting frame is actually a shredder like the like Banksy did that one time and it shreds up the painting
And you'll be like, huh? I
Guess I guess I can't buy that one. It's all torn top now
Got me nice
It up and by the way Banksy had to be in the room didn't he?
Like how did how was everybody's first read as soon as that auction closed and the thing fell down through the shutter?
Everybody wasn't like shut the fucking doors lock it down. Nobody's gone until we find out which one of you is Banksy
Hey, everybody real quick raise your hand if you're Banksy got you
Shouldn't raise my hands
Okay, listen not for show but try something talk to over here. We should do like a cozy mystery where
It's locked in in it right after that and the people in there all the fancy people have to figure out who's Banksy
Box me out of that when it was my idea. Well, you might not Banksy Griffin
Justin and I definitely weren't there. We read a lot of mysteries. Yeah. No, I'm I only read sports magazines
You want to do a cozy sports mystery? We could all work on that together. You know, I'll do that myself
I guess with with dad and my fellow sports fan here. This is I I had a second bit
I had it. I had a part. Oh my thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, which is that um
Y'all know how I feel about
Banksy shoplifting. Oh
This isn't even this isn't even that right?
It's not like you're taking the painting and leaving without paying for it
If you do accidentally spend a million dollars on the thing and then it doesn't self shred
you
Can just stand up and be like, oh
Whoops and walk out leave. They're not gonna stop legally binding. This is true. Are you Travis you have no
Absolutely, no idea. That's true. That is very true. But the idea of my heart tells me it can't be
Unless you're signing the equivalent of like a liability like waiver when you go into an auction
That's just like if I wave my hand at the wrong time. I definitely have to pay you a million dollars to go to jail
But even that Travis even that
Even that I can still just stand up and leave anytime. That's true
There are so few places in this world that you can't just not oops stand up walk out
Prison is the only one I got big. Oh, this is about it
Um, the um, and a locked room mystery. Those are the two I can think of I just had this moment of like imagine
I could really imagining as fun as it sounds to be in this scenario
I just imagined like showing up at one of these and I got all dressed and just walking in the door and just the
overwhelming like
so
The signs do I go get?
Yes, thank a table over there or they got the chairs or is there a specific sign?
I mean like I wouldn't even make it in this far. I would be gone already
I would think you know what? I like, you know what? I like sometimes I end up at these for like Sydney's functions
Sometimes there's a silent
Love a silent one loved a scope for deals
Someone brought a basket that they thought would fetch a high price and no one's bidding on it. Maybe I scoop in there
Oh, yeah. Yeah, get a look get a get a knife then you get your hover going where it's just like it's value to 250
I put down like eight bucks. No one signed. Yeah, I'm just gonna stand by it. Oh, you're gonna bid on that
I wouldn't if I read you wouldn't this is your name
They don't want to carry that basket of
Fancy wines and golf tees home
Can you imagine the panic that any one of us any any socially anxious person like ourselves?
Would feel sitting in the seat holding the paddle while the like auctioneer person is scanning the room and you're thinking don't blink
Don't flinch. I can't if I make any move this guy's horny for movement. He's gonna be like what you
Velociraptor for sure. I saw episode curious George one time where George
didn't understand the difference between 10 and 100 and
Accident because he's a fucking monkey guys
Yeah, every moment of his life is a miracle
Holds him actually way too accountable if you see
Everyone's like George Warren is like he's a fucking monkey guys
Hold the yellow-hatted man the yellow-hatted man brought him back
There's a Christmas special that basically boils down to the yellow hat man screaming at him
Tell me what you want for Christmas, it's like it's a monkey dog. He wants banana
He wants to go back to the fucking jungle where no one judges him for being curious
But anyway, somebody who can't leave anytime he wants there's George
There's an episode where he doesn't know difference between 10 and 100
He accidentally like spends a hundred dollars at an auction for some mittens and the man in yellow hat is like I'm fucking ruined
2022 and he's like a docent
He doesn't have that kind of case just floating around and so what they have to do is they find
Like a rich old weirdo that then they sell the gloves to for $100
So why so you accidentally buy this painting for let's say
$15,000 and you're like, oh fuck and they'll be like, all right, come on up bring your checkbook
You go up to the microphone and be like actually everyone the auctions still going now. I'm auctioning it
Oh right around we're gonna start at
$15,000, but I'm gonna do a way better job of selling this thing than this fucking chuckle clown
If you are in the middle of the auction and it's like going once can you beg wait timeout timeout?
Come on, and you go over to the person you're bidding against you're like, do you want to split it?
Like I'll give you get it on Mondays and Wednesdays
I'm out you bid $1 over what I said and I'll give you a dollar like well
We'll just call it you have it at my price. I'll give you a dollar over please. Hey, please
Please don't you and I bid as a goof and hey, why are you laughing?
This is my fucking life. I have I work at a bank. I don't have this money man. Come on
Hey, do y'all want to
Approach the wizard. I'd love to Griff. Okay. This one was sent in by Jennifer. Thank you Jennifer the Wizards familiar
Jennifer
And it's a wiki how article called how to become a loving and caring Pokemon trainer with your plush. Yes, wait with your
plush with your plush
your plush your plush Pokemon, I don't think plush is like
some sort of
Like Gen Z slang for a sexual partner or something like that
Because I don't even know how that sentence would make any sense if that is the case
Mm-hmm. So you're a devoted Pokemon fan, right? Yeah, and you want to have a physical part of the game in your life
Yep. Well, this article is gonna show you how with a Pokemon plush
Okay
Step one making it real start out by getting your first or second Pokemon plush. Wait. Yeah, I don't know
Like what is the first?
Oh, maybe you already have your first one and you're like I didn't make that one real enough. Yeah
Oh, I chewed way too much on my first one. It is so it is so heavy with my slobber
There is I have to get a fresh one to start. I can't imbue it with any kind of reality at this point
This will be your companion for the rest of your journey. You should make sure you will love them forever
So choose a plush Pokemon character you like and in the picture here, they have chosen
What I can only describe as an off-brand
noseless Pikachu
So I don't want they don't they don't need that extra the IP loss
This isn't a branded partnership between Pokemon and wiki. Oh, yeah
Nicknames are important because that is what your Pokemon will go by it may be determined by gender
But some Pokemon don't have gender so choose something that fits them best. That's cool. What plush would you guys pick?
Probably I mean mega Rayquaza has the highest stats still of all that's not the right
Oh, come on about you Justin. Okay. Wow. Well Travis you're you are famously the Pokemon expert of the family. So
ghostly
No, it's Evie. I
mean that's so that's
A lot of funnier name in Pokemon. Maybe we can Evie's the best one Evie has so much potential
What will it be? That's up to me?
Whatever I nickname it and Pokemon go and to cure is a dog. Is it a fox?
Oh, do you mean two of the cutest animals on earth fucking dog?
Travis just listen
Listen with your listening ears nicknames are important
I do want to say that I've played quite a few Pokemon games with Henry and he has a delightful way of nicknaming Pokemon
Which is that he wants them to have the strongest sounding name ever and so every Pokemon that we catch we caught one
As it was a legendary Pokemon in his defense, but he did call it king of gods, which felt
Yeah, fuck yeah, dude
The same naming convention is like Godzilla movies and I love that and then make your trainer name
This is what your Pokemon will call you. I have Griffin is fine. Yeah
Making a home find a secret place that pets and siblings can't get to for this will be your Pokemon. So
Don't get in my weed Pokemon
Hey, hey ball picks get out of there. You're not ready for that. There's one place like my rotten kids can't reach
So you got to keep an eye on my sash pal. It's daddy's high up stinky shelf. You don't
No one gets to know get up. We don't talk about stinky shelf
No, no
Get a pillow and a light blanket. The pillow will be the mattress and the blanket will keep them warm
So blanket, I mean, it's a plush doll. Yeah
Yeah, so what you were trying to lay on a pillow? That's not comfortable. It's not how about you?
Just get a very how much you just get a twin bed
Tiny Casper a baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Tempur-pedic like a little one like a little guy. Maybe you find a Tempur-pedic mattress at the mattress store. Bring a knife
Cut a little corner off of it. And that's all of a sudden. That's that's a bed for your war turtle
and then food
Get some fake food to feed your plush such as clay puffins poke blocks berries and poke puffs or doll food
Did you say did you say clay puffins when you meant to say play coffins? Yeah
Yeah, feed your feed your Snorlax some play coffins
Snorlax
Consume he consumes
And so in his favorite food is he just sticks his huge
powerful arms deep in the ground and rips coffins out of them and then just but the fun ones
Play coffins the fun play coffins the ones with toys and games on the outside of it and he just fucking eats them
Happy Halloween. I do love the
quick just almost instantaneous abandon abandonment of the concept of
Feed it Pokemon food or just doll food, which I don't know what that is
Is that just I'll tell you exactly what that is Griffin. That's the author of the wiki how article realized that you halfway through the sentence
Oh, wait, I just said sibling this person would have to ask their parents to go buy them some clay puffins and some fake bear
You know what anything you got lying around will be fine. Don't ask your parents about this
Don't make a nest out of detritus from your home. This is fine
This is you could just draw write the word food on a piece of paper and hand it to the book
What it'll be fine. Don't worry about it. Yeah, the next step is you can spoon feed it to your plush
That's all it says and that is where that is
I mean, I've taken umbrage with a few of the points of this article so far
But I do think that if Pokemon was real like I pray to Christ every night and make wishes on stars
That that would be my reality
the idea that my
considerable Pokemon collection because I'm not gonna be like
I'm not gonna be like ash Ketchum out there where it's like, how'd I do this week?
Well, I got a Metapod and that's it like I would be out there like grinding it the fuck out trying to fill out
the decks the idea that then like
every night
My friends would be like hey Griffin come out and party with us and be like I can't I have to spoon feed
Every single one of my Pokemon or they'll they will die just because they go in the little balls doesn't mean that their body functions are
Suspended they shit and piss in there
They need to eat and plus guys if I don't spoon for you, mr. Mime specifically he gets
Angry, he gets right here. He waits. He wakes me up standing by the side of my bed just pointing at his mouth
That's holding up a spoon. That's another great point. You're gonna have to spoon feed even the dude shaped Pokemon. Yeah
That looks like just a tiny blonde woman in a red dress. Yeah, the one that's a duty who moves around
Yeah, hit Monchan is just gonna be sitting in front of you and he's gonna try to pick up the fucking spoon with his boxing
Gloves, but he can't and so he's just gonna have to sit there like can you please this is so humiliating
Goroh's brother may champ is there and he's like feed
I'm big go faster
Give you a big hug. Yes. Thank you. May champ
Bonding have fun together go to parks take it every place you can't when you can't wait until you can go back home and have
Some extra fun. Just what?
What do you think that means? I don't want to I don't want to go to take it everywhere
What Pokemon would you least like this?
What Pokemon would I least like the spoon feed? Yeah
Muck mr. My mind's mr. Mime muck
Muck muck and or his terrible
Little brother Grimer one of those two a lowland variant traditional muck. Whatever man
I do the last thing that I need is a living pile of slime in my house bigger than I am
We just I spilled coffee on these carpets that we had put in when we moved into this house in DC
And it that's like there forever and I have to struggle with that every time I look down
At below my desk I see the big brown stain there and it looks like it could be dookie
And I know that like my friends are gonna see my cool office and be like wait a minute
Is that dookie the the idea that I would invite a big slime monster in my house who would do not only destroy my carpets
And get all my stuff all sticky. He would be like
Mike sucks. I don't want any part of that. I was recently made aware of the punk of the Pokemon
Throw. Yeah, who looks like just a large man in a karate gi
Yeah, and the idea of this just like guy looming over me like just
Just opening itself and me having to spoon feed this giant in a human karate gi
Yeah, it's like that
I'd rather have a slime monster in my house
So I'm just like that's a monster in my house that I have to appease as opposed to just a needy roommate
Yeah, it's a man. Justin. Did you have one?
No, I said mr. Mime. I I I don't like mr. Mime. I don't like the way mr. Mime looks. Yeah
I don't like he has anything about his name. He has a title like it like he his name is mister
It implies he has a first name. Yeah, mr. Mr. Jeremy Mime
I
Recently found out about Mimikyu and I don't like that one at all either. Yeah, Travis. Have you seen Mimikyu?
No, maybe a long way. I can I can show you Mimikyu. Hold on. I can't believe it
You guys are sending each other Pokemon JPEGs in the background. This is this legit. This is what you dreamed Griff. Yeah, it's like a
It's like it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no
I feel like if a little monster killed Pikachu and yeah skin and then wore it. I'm Pikachu now pika me
Have have sleepovers. It's fun and you can invite your friends and socialize probably not obviously
I think we all sleep below my Pokemon shelf tonight
Cool, cool. It's super sturdy. My dad put it in real good
He said we could have the different shelves too because I don't have that many Pokemon yet. Also keep your grades over. Mr.
Mom, I'm bugging with you
Yeah, it doesn't say to keep your grades up but obviously implied
Hey, you gotta stop hanging out with mr. Mime he's a bad influence on you
Don't listen to that asshole
If you don't have enough badges
Pokemon will not listen to the shit that you say and I love that
I think that's a great if you have a Pokemon that's stronger than
You are as a person and you don't have a badge that boat was like get the fuck it use hydro pump fuck off
You're not my dad. I went to college. I went to college blast toys is my dad
You're just you're just Griffin a dude who threw a ball at me
Once and now you get to tell me exactly what to do
And I was pretty drunk on berries at the time which seems unfair. I do not think this is a fair arrangement
Anyway, let me out of the ball. That's how to become a loving
Pokemon loving and caring Pokemon trainer with your plush
Alright, let's uh, let's take a quick break. We'll be right back after this
This
Would anyone like to do very would you like to hear a very professional ad read? Yeah
Hi, my name is Justin McElroy and when I'm out podcasting
I don't have time to build a lot of websites my kids and their friends. They all come to me the tech dad and
I don't have time to build them each a website about the different things that they like like puppet toys or Pringles
So luckily there is for busy dads like me Squarespace
They will make whatever
Website that your kids want you to make in a fast way that it won't look like you did it though because they have world-class
Templates created by the best designers the best people in the game easy
And if you can't figure it out, there's got the the best customer service in the business
24-7
Hey, sorry, just real quick
Can I give you a couple notes as you're going one when you said Ted dad made you sound like you're a robotic dad
We actually love that if you could lean into that a little harder with some good angle
Simpsons also you are kind of making it sound like you tell Squarespace what kind of website your kids run and they'll build
And that is not the service
So that's just a quick note from
Actually, I wish you'd let me finish the copy
Yeah, please but do leaning to the robot dad thing, okay, listen
Travis no more notes. Let me finish. They're just reading what's what's here on the page
Okay, like a lot of cybernetic dads whose hearts have been replaced with oil. I don't have the time to build
Websites for my kids and neither the Squarespace a lot of people get confused about this
This ad is to clarify that the cyber dads are the ones building the sites
The Squarespace is just metaphorically speaking the oil on their lubes and gears and typing ones
so I mean if you're not sold already then
the oil in your heart has gone stayed
because
Like that more tech that stuff
Squarespace is the best way to make a website. That's the that's the really serious
Really solemn part about all this so head to squarespace.com
Slash my brother for a free trial and when you're ready to launch use offer code my brother
To save 10% off your first purchase or a website or domain
Justin I love that you read it word-for-word
I especially like how you hit the note that they put in here
That was like when you get to the part about how Squarespace is definitely the best
Place to build the website get really solemn and serious about it. Bring it down
That's the part we want to make sure you drive home like you're asking for money for hungry kids. Good job. Okay. Okay, perfect
Bombas make socks and clothes and underwear and that's clothes shirts is also clothes
and
I think that's pretty badass
Okay, great, yeah, absolutely you want to do the Bombas ad now
Bloviate more about some of your favorite sock brand. Oh, it does say Griffin
I had a note back from the advertiser
They said we love how you listed off that they make clothes and then what kind of clothes they do make
Yeah, if you would, please clarify some of the clothes they don't make that would really help
It make sense for people they don't make rough
Shitty
Uncomfortable clothes that has tags
In it top to bottom because their clothes are soft seamless tagless and they have a cozy feel
But did you also know that socks underwear and t-shirts are the three most requested clothing items at homeless shelters
That's why Bombas donates one for every item you buy so far Bombas customers
Like you have helped donate over 50 million items of essential clothing. That's that's so many Bombas mission simple
They make you Griffin Bombas mission is simple make the most comfortable clothes ever and match every item sold with an equal item donated
So when you buy Bombas, you're also giving to someone in need
That's that's fantastic. I love I love Bombas socks
I have many many pairs of Bombas socks at this point. They keep my feet warm in these harsh
unforgiving
More Eastern winters. I was not prepared. It is this fall Griffin. It is 51 degrees outside
That's colder wild and I need Bombas socks to keep my feet alive or else the toes come off in the boot
Go to Bombas comm slash my brother and use code my brother for 20% off your first purchase
That's BOM bas comm slash my brother and use code my brother at checkout Bombas comm slash my brother code my brother
And
Now a live reading from Rachel's poetry corner elephants there are men's Clifton Neopets porstrips
Jepsen pine smell jelly beans goalie goals
Skittles squirrels and the mole celery chopsticks pumpernickel a case of you by Joni Mitchell
Lullabies tie-dye the more, you know all of these things on our wonderful show all these things and more wait for you on
Wonderful every Wednesday on maximum fun org or wherever you download podcasts
Did your neighbor back into your car bring that case to judge Judy
Think the mailman might be the real father give that one to judge Mathis
But does your mom want you to flush her ashes down the toilet at Disney World when she passes away now?
That's my jurisdiction welcome to the court of judge John Hodgman where the people are real the disputes are real and the stakes are often
Unusual if I got arrested for dumping your ashes in the jungle cruise it would be an honor
I don't want to be part of somebody getting a super. I don't know at what point you want to go into this
But we've had a worm bin before available free right now at maximum fun org judge
John Hodgman the court of last resort when your wife won't stop pretending to be a cat and knocking the clean laundry over
He's back he's back
And Justin waited until now to go get him yeah, I mean I was doing that last ad read basically
I was reading bomb ahead a lot of time
Wow, this is
Sailor Moon this ain't
Whoa
Hey Richard you look great
It's time for a new spring into a new fall
Fragrance what's up, buddy? Hey, are you wearing the snake necklace from never-ending story the orange?
So really I had it impregnated
With ambroxan. Oh, you can't actually take that long a pause after saying you've impregnated something
Hey rocks and also sounds like a chemical. Yeah
We you have not been on this show since we started recording
Recording the video of it too, right? Yeah, buddy. Yeah, okay
Yeah, I just wanted you to know that you're on you are
On camera right now, so you can see me. Yeah. Yeah for sure
Okay, you wanna say you look great
Yeah, you look good anything specific. You look like you smell excellent. I said I like your beard. Oh
I said that right it's growing in really good. This is three days
Three days. Whoa, Richard. Wait, I know for a fact that Justin has been growing a beard for much longer
What does that have to do with me, buddy? Okay
Does do you have to do you find that you need to apply more scent?
Because the beard kind of drinks it up or how does that sort how how has that changed actually a maximum?
if I grab my beer right now and squeeze just
Richard just and I know we don't always worry about continuity
But I was wondering I believe when we last saw you you were gonna get married to someone who did not like perfume and fragrance
Where we out on that?
Didn't work out. Oh Richard. I'm so sorry. Yeah, what happened? She she actually
It's actually really sad, but we could talk on it if you want. Yeah. No, we want to be here for you
We just got so busy with different things in our life
Yeah, she has a place where kids paint pottery and then you know
Then they buy it and I have fragrance. Yeah
And my walk with Christ a big man. Yeah, Jesus Christ and
My walk and her walk were just so different and it's like there's a lot of love there for sure still
Like we are I think of her as my best friend
Oh, yeah, still like hang out and talk and stuff. Yeah, the time that we had was really special and kind of breaks my
Heart a little bit that we're not because that she she saw me man
You know, well now hold on Richard. I'm not sure I'm not sure why you're here
But do you want us to try to patch it up with her for you?
No, no, no, buddy, it's kind of a lucky break for me
Oh fragrance game is very strong still and it's like I fell off there is a lot several releases
There's like one you say don't all just like completely bypassed but guess what? What good news? What's that?
I got a game this time again. You're fucking love those Richard
Yeah, I know they always are funny and good and I got a game for you my man Travis
Patrick McElroy suggested it to me as a good idea and I thought wait a second. Wait, wait, wait, how
Did you how did Richard and I hang out? How did you contact him? Yeah, we text not text. Are you signal?
Yeah, I can't have a mom. Yeah, it's a well now that Joe Biden's trying to kill me the frack
Yeah, we got cops are always looking out for me for looking too good. Yeah, you know this man smell too musky too fresh
Too sensual he's not safe on the streets and while I was sick Richard came in a hazmat suit
He's very careful and spoon-fed me bowls of hot cologne
Bring me back
Yeah, like lots of it was like a bone stock makes with notes of terrapin
Is the idea that you got sick because the inside was too stinky
Yeah, can we play can we play this game? Yeah. Yeah. All right. Here's the game. It's a celebrity fragrance
Guess I'm off and here's what we're gonna do. I'm gonna say to you a
Description of a fragrance and I'm and the name of a fragrance you have to tell me the celebrity
Whose fragrance that is? I love that. Yeah. I'm not Travis. Are you looking at your phone right now? Like no cheating. All right
Griffin. Yeah, look at your camera hole. So I know there it is
Fenty all the perfume
Picking up hints of magnolia blueberry geranium patchouli
Bulgarian rose and tangerine this scent combines musk and I
Thought you had a memorized femininity
Rihanna's and oh I spoil
Inspiration stems from a beautiful garden walk is a perfect fragrance for a warm summer day Rihanna
And I'm gonna buzz in. Yeah, you got a guess Rihanna one point for you. Okay
My failing is your gain
early morning breeze all the toilet
Early morning breeze out of toilet all the toilet. You guys don't know this but it's a French way of saying near the toilet
That's what?
Okay
laughter love friends and family all the wonderful stories from
the front porch straight from the
to our hearts
joy and positivity
Inspires us to chase a firefly
Dancing the mountain mist and enjoy every sunset
Share your dreams. Have some fun create your stories
Can I get buddies? Oh, the toilet is a floral scent with notes of jasmine sandbox?
Orange flower and sandalwood Griffin you back buzz first. What's your guess?
I believe there's a Dolly Parton song called early morning breeze. Is it Dolly Parton? It's Dolly Parton. We're tied up
next one
Kim Kardashian, okay glam up any evening. Look with the spritz of Kim Kardashian. Oh the park said the name of it
It's a fancy way
The name of it is Kim Kardashian this alluring women's scent
Wait, but that's not the celebrity thousand nine by its namesake
fashion icon
Juicy mandarin orange at the top is reminiscent of a warm summer's day got honeysuckle
notes the honeysuckle notes dance around you
Florals compromise the heart of this sin including clean Jasmine
Captivating gardenia, which if you can get the cat gardenia captivating that is always a choice
No hard. Yeah, and it's got bass notes with seductive must what's your guess?
Is it Kim Kardashian? It is man. You are kind of a nose already. He's yeah, I knew you'd be good at this
I hope you haven't been researching. No, you said the name of you said her name Richard
No, that was just the name of the perfume. God. God is a woman. Oh
Incorrect, you know, it's tempting to buzz in God is of course a beautiful man
I
Seen him he's visited me. He's a beautiful white man. Whoa
He has hair and he speaks normal
He speaks normal he's a dull white man stop rich good build rich
Good build cool moves. God is a woman. He's not of the perfume
empowered
breathtaking
Natural a breath of fresh air for the senses including God is a woman
Oh that parfum the fragrance by book
Fragrance family kind of a fruity musk. You got and Brett juicy pear in the middle
There's orange with Turkish rose petals at the base. You got that
Madagascar vanilla and creamy cedar wood. Who is it? Boop beep buzz?
Ah, you keep naming after song titles. That's ariana grande. Wow, that's good
You're tied to two. You are very good. I'm really it's just they keep naming them after song titles
So that's you just have to know who did the song this one's harder
This one's harder French walls is dozing off in the garden what?
I
Only say the name of the perfume and nothing else French waltz French waltz
French
waltz, okay
It's dozing off. This is a perfume by Christophe waltz. If so, you have to tell me
Everyone thinks I'm French
I'm not friend. It was like ironic nickname
Doing for a joke French waltz is those in the garden
Using the Sun as a towel to dry off the leftover beads of lake water. Whoa
Oh smell of death jazz with petals sails in the air while hints of mandarin and magnolia
amplify
luminous sandalwood
Sweet, you have floral French waltz is a rose musk made for everyone
and there's a heart with mimosa and
Jasmine and rose and milk. Yeah
Okay, has any musician ever written a song called French waltz is dozing off in the garden
Definitely. It sounds like a tough one. I'll give you a hint a famous person created it. Oh
Can you give us any other hints Richard or
He's famous and he made a cent once called French waltz. Oh, it's a dude. Okay. Okay. Okay
Mm-hmm
Shaquille O'Neal he does raps
In the movie Shazam he did no not
Sam the creator of this fragrance does raps. He creates lots of things. Oh, I miss a little noz
No, no little noz didn't create this fragrance. It's a different rapper. He created it
Uh-huh. JZ. No, no, no a different rapper
Created it. Oh Tyler the creator. There you go and French waltz tired of the creator. You're really good Griffin
You did he write the copy of French waltz is dozing off in the garden cuz I I don't follow Tyler
They actually don't credit who writes the description of the fragrance on here man. I've pushed for that legislation for years
Yeah, we need to credit these artists that are painting the word paintings of a smell
That's incredible talent. We need to credit them. They need to be unionized
Unionized the fragrance description writers. Oh, I genuinely did not think that that would be a cause you felt particularly strongly about Richard. I
Feel strongly about only one thing
Fragrance and Jesus. Yeah blue seduction. Oh that I can't separate them blue seduction all the toilet exquisite
Exquisite and perfectly masculine the blue seduction all the toilet spray has a scintillate Griffin
Do you know what all the toilet means near the toilet?
Wow
So impressed thanks crafted by somebody in
2007 this top notes of this all the toilet spray features a luring blend of milk
Bergamot melon and black corn. There's a intoxicating aroma of cappuccino
Cappuccino nutmeg and cardamom
Coupled off with the sweet scent of green appell makes a sensual fashion of the heart a sensual fusion of the heart
It dries down when do you get the dry down with the oak moss?
I'm wearing this one every day Richard. Is this a
musician
No, it's an actor actor very sexy close friend
Uh, Javier Javier Bardem. No interest Elba. You're so close
These are a lot of sexy men that you guys have at the tip of your companies. No, it's like the sexy legend
Let me rule out like eight people was he in oceans 11? No, not to my knowledge, but so many do be for a long time a
Sexy legend. That's the French Frank Sinatra Dean Martin. Oh
Okay, let's see an older gentleman. No, he's why don't see age
Yeah, my guy's a actor sexy. Can you name a movie? He was in Richard. Yeah, I'll name a movie. He was in
Spy Kids
It's Antonio Banderas, yes sexy exquisite close friend
And this one's called manifesto
senses with manifesto a distinguished fragrance from this sophisticated of the toilet Travis of
The toilet gotta get your vocab. It means on the toilet
Correct introduced in 2000 designed with the glamorous woman in mind
I got juicy notes of bergamot nuance of basil and there's an elegant sweet orange blossom and clean. It's Rachel Bray
You spritz up same for Rachel, right?
Spritz on this or five fragrance to elevate your style before date night or special event. Here's clues
She's an actress very sexual close friend. There you go
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What year did this come out manifesto Travis, you know, it's
2000-manifesto
Yeah
Angelina Jolie
Very interesting sexy confident close friend, but not this time
Griffin you got anything
Julia Roberts
sexy
Close friend. Yeah, but not the right what movies name a movie. She sit in Richard. That's becomes her
Richard can I Google?
Street one you get. Yeah, it's Meryl Streep has a perfume called manifesto
Like that wouldn't have been top story on New York Times Goldie Hawn
Come on, but dig deep Isabella Rossellini
Congratulations
Oh, man, that was just the next person on the IMDb for death, but comes her excellent
Congratulations, Isabella Rossellini. I got one more. It does actually make a lot more sense that would yeah
Adam Levine. Oh shit
This is this did you hear about his?
His thing you hear about this
Irresistible. Yeah, it's close. I hear about everything his life close friend. Very sexy strong confident checked on him
How do you checked on him? I don't what was the last time you talked to him with what he's not on signal
I can't get at it. He might hey bud. He might be now
He might be there now
Listen to this. I don't I'm just telling about perfume. I don't want to okay
Adam Levine the irresistible fragrance of Adam Levine ode to perfume spray for women
Plays with joyful notes and alluring femininity
Adam
Now we don't know it's him yet Griffin. I don't want to give any clues. It's introduced in 2013
But I'm sure it's just as good now as it was then. Yeah, no doubt about it has aged perfectly
Perfume opens with the sweet that zesty notes of saffron marigold citruses and spices the heart is
Enriched with the sense of elegant rose. Oh sandalwood adds a milky soft touch
okay, he's Adam Levine perfume trails with the sweet and distinct notes of
Vanilla and benzoin at the base for enchanting and sensuous feeling
Adam Levine
all the powerful not oh
The toilet right so different this means near the perfume
no, so so
How would you describe the body of this of this perfume Richard? Yeah, you're gonna have a nice
Jasmine flowers sandalwood with the milky soft touch. We all know the body of Adam Levine
I know it better than I know my own name
I've explored every corner of the body of Adam Levine and I love every note of it. Okay, so who but who made it?
I said, I'm gonna buzz in here. Yeah, you need points trap. It's Adam Levine by Adam Levine
There it is. Yes good at Levine by Adam Levine. Why did he choose to do it like that? Nobody knows
Thanks for having me on the show. Thanks
Wait
Wait, hold on. Oh, I see. I don't know. I turned off. Yeah. Oh god. Yeah
He had the camera the bones come out draft when the retrans
the shift into Richard is
Painless, but the shift out of Richard is I actually was thinking Justin turn the camera off
But I think it might just be like a kind of black small
You okay juice oh god. Oh
Oh god guys the smell in here. Yeah. Yeah, Richard Richard was Richard was back
That explains the clothes on the floor. What god? I wish he'd ask just ask permission. How would he ask?
He's in your like he is a spirit that is on he's on signal. That's true
Hey, thanks so much. I'm sorry that I did Richard sing for so long some people
Hey, no, you had a lot of stink pent up not me, but I'm sorry. He came over for so long. I
I thought that um, I know some people don't like him
Wow
Whoa, he's my best friend
Now Travis seamlessly pivot from that into asking people to do things
Okay, those people can fuck off but you know who can't fuck off
People who go and check out macaroni merch calm where we have a lot of cool
Merchandise for cool people who like cool things that merchandise you ask. Well that includes let's see
We got it's really good right now. It's really really good a girl blanket and it's very like tapestry looking
Geralt from Adventure Zone balance designed by Lynn Doyle
We got a candle nights wrapping paper that's back from Justin Gray and 10% of all merch proceeds this month
Go to the Fair Elections Center, which uses litigation and advocacy to remove barriers to registration and voting
particularly those
disenfranchising underrepresented and marginalized community and to improve election administration
All that merge and 10% to the Fair Elections Center at McElroy merch calm
And don't forget to get your 20 rendezvous fancy takes flight tickets for November
Where we'll be in Cincinnati DC and Detroit
With Brennan Lee Mulligan DMing over there DC. Yeah, we're doing dadlands 2
and
Sorry again about
having to delay San Jose and Denver
And mask and proof of full vaccination or negative kovat tests within 72 hours of event start is required
Speaking of events. I'm gonna be at D&D in a castle coming up at the end of this month
So we're gonna have a special Halloween special coming out
Which is very exciting and you can go find out all the details on D&D in the castle and I believe
D&D at in a castle calm
And I don't know maybe I'll see you there. Let me know if you're gonna be there
um, let's see what else you can pre-order Taz 11th hour, which is out now and
The setup episode and the first episode of steeplechase are out now
GM to buy one Justin McElroy, they're excellent. Go listen to them. I'm very proud of you Justin. You're doing a great job
I think you're awesome. It's a it's a it's a hell of a thing test people chase go listen to hey
Thanks to Montaigne for use for a theme song. My life is better with you
if you if you live in the sort of Australian region, she's on tour right now and
I would love to be at one of those shows saw a clip of
Montaigne performing my life is better with you in front of a crowd and they were all just screaming and they were shouting like
It's so funny still it says you've gotten even funnier over
So that's good that's that's fantastic and
And that's got to be it, right?
Yeah, okay. Yeah, so just something to motivate the people Griffin. Yeah tap into tap into the energy
inside a tap into the energy inside of your
Skeleton a
lot of people think about
muscle health
Think about all the bone all the energy you have in your bones. You don't have to use it, but no it's there
Oh
Travis McRae, that's good. Thanks
My brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
It's better it's better
Oh, it's better it's better
Oh, it's better it's better with you
Oh Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
