The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era,
and welcome to this very cash exploratory meeting of the Papal Council. Let's not make a big deal
out of it. It's a new era, you know what I mean? It's a Sunday brunch meeting. Put that magic
firewood away that makes the signal smoke come out. It's actually the same dust they used in
Are You Afraid of the Dark. Exactly. Put away your midnight society dust, pick up that mimosa,
and let's just freewheel and chat about it. I'm Justin McElroy. I'm the oldest brother and sort
of the senior member of this advisory council. Is that fair? And I'm Travis McElroy, your middlest
brother, and I just ordered us a round of Virgin Bloody Marys. Oh, that sounds great. I'm the baby
brother, Griffin McElroy, and let's get rolling with this Papal Smear. Yeah, I'm just gonna start.
I feel like we should just throw some names out there, spitball it, and sort of see where we're
at. Okay, let me just kick it off super cash meat. Okay. Let me just get that name out there.
Feel like it's kind of top of mind right now, and we're all sort of dancing around it. I figure,
let me just throw those bones right out there. Yeah, I appreciate. Just cut through the
through the chaff, through the hubbub. I think we can all agree there, Justin, because of the
massive amounts of skeletons in your closet, you are probably not a good choice. Yes,
literally and figuratively. Sorry, boys. I don't understand. What I'm saying is,
if you look at my closet, they're all reading Mad magazines and have licorice wrappers surrounding
them, okay? It's a weird closet. So, man, I'm bummed out already. Justin, I don't think that
you... I don't know that you have what it takes. Justin, advise me. I feel like we're whiteboarding
right now, and I feel like that name is kind of on the whiteboard. Okay. You try to wipe it off,
and it's like, who did this permanent mark on my whiteboard? I'll put it on there when a teacher
gets a really shitty answer from a student in the class, he doesn't want to embarrass him.
He's like, oh, yeah, sure, triangles. Okay, does anybody else have any favorite actors
from the 1930s? I'm going to vote Morgan Freeman. Okay, I like that. I feel like he's in a lot of
stuff. People trust him. He's got that powerful voice. Okay, Travis also bases all of his
religious philosophies around the movie Bruce Almighty and its follow-up sequel.
I'm glad you said that, because my second choice is Jim Carrey. All right. He's not
working so much lately. He probably has some free time, and I think he would make a hilarious
rubber-faced pope. Okay. Is there a chance of a black pope this year? I feel like black pope,
black president... What about checks and balances? Has anybody stopped to think about checks and
balances? Why would there need to be a check or balance against the racial composition?
I'm just saying checks and balances, because the only thing stopping the pope is the president.
Everyone knows that. If we have black pope and black president, I love that I'm in that era.
I'm loving that I'm in that period of history. You do have to wonder, who's looking out for the
white guy? Yeah, because that's what I'm always worried about, is that pretty soon the white man
is going to fall by the wayside. Yeah, what about the white man? Who's looking out for my wants,
my needs? Who's representing my beliefs? We'll have to establish a new Southern Baptist pope,
a new papacy cabinet altogether, but for the Southern Baptist Church, and I think the leader
of that would be Guy Fieri. Can we put any more irony in our voices so that people know that this
is not a real thing that we feel? No, I don't really care who the pope is. Yeah, me neither.
It was exciting when the pope died last time though. I'm kind of sad that we're not going to
get... Remember, I was on Pope Watch because I remember I was waiting for the pope to die,
and I was waiting on Terry Shiloh to die. Oh, no. So I was like, who's going to win?
And then they went at the same time, like at the end of Notebook. Yeah.
I haven't seen that one. Much like Thomas Jefferson and John Adams,
they went within moments of each other cursing the other one's name.
Yeah, which put her right out of the running. So this is our papal, sort of a papal advocacy show,
my brother, my brother, me. Let's get to some other questions, and maybe we can just circle
around back to this question when you guys have any other good suggestions. I kind of feel like
everybody keeps coming back around to me, but we'll have to see if that sticks by the end of the app.
I'm a teacher in training, and in less than a year, I'll be
student teaching in a junior high or high school. Though I'm more than a quarter century old,
I've already been told by various students, friends, bartenders that I look 15.
Now my dentist is telling me that I have to get braces, which will only make things worse.
I need some tips on looking older, so my colleagues won't be asking me for a hall pass
on them all the way to the teacher's lounge, and my students won't be inviting me to come
play Skyrim with them after school. Can you advise? That's from belatedly brace-faced.
Start smoking.
No, okay.
It makes you look cool and old.
That could stunt his growth, though.
Yeah, and nobody looks good when they're smoking and they have braces.
It can't smoke out.
What if you smoke in a pipe?
Can I ask you, so right now, just so I'm clear, it sounds pretty good, though.
Yeah, there's nothing bad about this situation you've just outlined,
because you could be the only human being in the universe to ever live out that thing that happens
in movies where they see the, it's the catch me if you can situation, where the kids pick on the
person they think is a kid, and then they walk to the front of the class and say,
what's up? I'm your teacher, Dr. Youngface. And then they feel so stymied. They feel so embarrassed,
and maybe he gives them a hard time.
You're also got to consider undercover work. That's really important.
See, you went catch me if you can. I went never been kissed.
I've never seen never been kissed, but I assume it's some deep undercover shit.
Yeah. Now, on the negative side, you will not be able to eat Tostitos.
Tostitos, out of the question. Taffy, out of the question. I'm surprised that this is the first
braces related question that we've gotten, because I feel like I could really bust out some,
I lost so many brackets. I ate one once, because I got enthusiastic about some Taffy.
I broke a tooth last weekend. I was eating a protein bar, believe it was from Kashi.
I was eating it, and I literally had this thought,
I literally had this thought, what is in this? It tastes like teeth.
Yeah. And then it turned out that it was, in fact, I was eating my teeth, my tooth.
So instead of braces, you should get yourself dentures.
Why do you have to get braces? Nobody has to get braces.
I had to. It was literally life. My teeth were growing into my fucking brain.
It was life threatening in my case. I did have to get braces.
My grill does not come correct, and I don't really care. I'm living with it.
But your grill doesn't look like a fucking sarlacc pit,
which is basically what I was working with in middle school.
I'm saying some people need it. I'm saying it's going to be rough for you vis-a-vis Skittles,
but I am saying that I think this 21 Jump Street opportunity,
if you let it slide by, you're going to regret it for the rest of your life.
I'll also say this, because I have lots of friends that look much younger than they are,
and right now that sucks, but when you're 60 and you look like you're 42,
it's going to be a blessing.
Because then you'll be able to hook up with all the 42 year olds you want.
Any other advantages to being one of the students?
You could blow off class sometimes, by which I mean don't teach it,
just sit in a chair and wait for the real teacher to show up,
and then halfway through, oh my god, okay, okay.
So first day of class, you go in, you grab a chair, you don't address,
and then you're like, after a couple minutes, where is this teacher going, man?
It's like he had this whole class planned, and we had 50 minutes,
and we've already waited eight minutes, so even if he showed up now,
and one of the other students would be like, yeah, 42 minutes left,
and then you stand up and you're like, that's your first lesson.
Welcome to high school subtraction.
Welcome to high school subtraction 101 with me, Professor Youngface.
You are all clearly remedial.
Welcome to remedial subtraction.
Listen, I got addition, damn, no problem.
Subtraction though, it's like, where are they going?
And that's when you have like a captain by captain moment,
and say like, just add negative numbers, and they're like,
I understand subtraction, and then they can become cashier.
Oh man, do you think that new teachers, whenever like a new teacher
starts like their first day at his school,
they try to like break the world record for desk standing students?
Like, I bet I can do this shit.
I bet I can do this shit by third period.
These kids are gonna be on their desks swearing blood oaths to me.
They probably keep a pretty close eye on that sort of thing
in the administration now.
Do you think that after that movie came out though,
that they had to start like purchasing desks based on their standability?
Because you don't want to have like shoddy, like unbalanced desks,
and it's like, oh, okay.
Oh fuck, Captain Mike, fuck.
I mean, he's just holding on to the ceiling fan spinning around.
That scene ended with one of the kids standing on his desk,
and the desk just falling to splinters.
It would be the best scene ever.
Oh, Captain, whoa.
I always thought, cuss of the janitor going,
I was going to tighten the seats tomorrow, damn it.
I always thought that movie, it's a great movie,
but it desperately needed more nut shots.
It's got Robin Williams in it.
I expect a certain level of nut shots from a Robin Williams film.
As one of the students like started to fall,
he grabbed the guy next to him and grabbed the guy next to him.
Pretty soon it just like dominoed around the room
until they were all in one big nut shot pile.
As Robin Williams just smacked his forehead and said,
let's get back to subtraction.
Patch Adams fucking ruined me for several reasons,
but it ruined my Robin Williams.
So did the movie.
It ruined my Robin Williams expectation gains,
because then you would have to go back to the movie
Robin Williams expectation gains, because then you watch that,
you watch that, what dreams may come.
And it's like, I don't understand why these people aren't being,
you know, hitting the balls with a giant clown shoe.
I think that this person needs to also understand
that they have the possibility of being the student teacher
that somebody has a crush on in high school.
And I'm not saying that's something that you need to pursue,
but that's a very formative experience for them.
Some would say the most formative experience.
And I think that you could be that for somebody.
To serve with love.
Mm-hmm.
Griffin, do you have a question for us?
Sure.
From the Yahoo Answers service.
I have one pruned from the Yahoo Answers service
by Nick Robinson, curator, curer of this.
Thank you, Nick.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Rob, who asks,
how do I find out if Subway is paying my girlfriend
to advertise their products to me?
I think Subway might secretly be paying my girlfriend
to advertise their products to me
to try to get me to become a customer.
I need to find out if this is happening or how to stop it.
This is that new wave advertising I've been hearing about.
This is like, what's the level below gorilla?
That's what this is.
This is rough.
This is rough stuff.
It's rough on a few levels.
One, because this person obviously has some sort of...
Sure.
Ish.
But also-
Can't deal with that, though.
Well, okay.
You can't assume that, Griffin.
I can pretty say, I mean, the evidence,
it's, I guess it's all circumstantial, but-
They pay Jared to advertise.
Why wouldn't they pay his girlfriend?
Are you dating Jared?
They pay Michael Phelps to wave his giant arms and advertise it.
Why wouldn't they pay his girlfriend, Michael Phelps?
What is this woman doing that has turned Rob's suspicion
to high alert, is what I want to know.
What are those convos like?
Because if it's just like, they're driving down the street,
she's like, what should we get for lunch?
I vote for Subway.
And she does that every day.
Maybe she just really, really likes Subway
and their large selection of cheap, large, and delicious sandwiches.
Or maybe it's like when he gets into a fight with his parents
and he's just like, I never get my own way.
And she says, do you know where you can have everything your own way?
At Subway.
They'll make sandwiches just for you, John.
$5 footlongs, hashtag February.
Did you just fucking say hashtag?
Are you a sandwich robot?
I certainly am not.
But let me tell you more about the delicious toppings.
Robots couldn't make sandwiches
like the Subway artists at Subway make sandwiches.
It takes an artist's touch and finesse
to put together a sandwich like this.
And $5 for 12 inches?
Can't beat that, hashtag Jared value.
Listen, honey, I understand that Subway's great.
Could you wait till we're done having sex
to tell me about their sandwiches, please?
I love the way you're having sex with me.
It reminds me of speaking of footlongs.
I love the way you're having sex with me.
If you want to feel satisfied, check out the latest deals at Subway.
$5 for a footlong, you won't leave empty either.
Speaking of double meat, let's...
Sorry about your sister.
Sorry about your sister.
Hey, what's your favorite bread type?
Mine's Parmesan rosemary Italian.
This is the worst eulogy I've ever heard.
I maybe just start asking how she likes certain sandwich components.
Like do you just keep taking her to Quiznos?
See if smoke pours out of her ears.
Do you like, how do you, do you like bacon?
Yeah, but I don't like it crispy.
I like it kind of floppy and stacked on a bunch of other bacon.
I read a report in Le Mans.
That said that bacon is way better when it's floppy and gross
and it's been touched by several people before you eat it.
Do you like your meat to be like pre-portioned
into those little cardboard bowls?
Yes, please.
When you make her chicken for dinner, does she turn her nose about and say,
when did you cook this?
Just now?
What am I supposed to do with this?
Two wax paper sheets and then kind of smack it onto the bed.
Like it's been misbehaving.
Thank you.
This is great pizza,
but could you put another slice of pizza on top of it
and then just dunk it in water to make it really wet?
Thank you.
I have not had so many pizzas out it's like.
I would like some oil and vinegar on my salad,
but could you look at me disdainfully when I ask for it, please?
Thank you.
Maybe, but maybe it's deep.
Maybe it goes deeper.
Maybe she's getting paychecks.
Maybe she has a source of income that he does not understand.
Maybe it's an inscrutable Subway advertising paycheck.
Maybe she's on the street team.
Maybe she disappears.
Now street team I believe.
Yeah.
Street team I'd buy.
I also want to say, listen, believe me, in this world,
you would be amazed at the different job opportunities that exist.
Do you know that when you listen to the radio
and people call in to like answer their crazy questions
about the fight they had with their boyfriend
or the time that they caught their sister doing something,
those are all like paid people to do that.
That's not real.
That's not true, Travis.
It is true.
My friend Kelly was paid to be one of those people.
That's a real thing.
Not every time, but sometimes just to kind of get the ball rolling
and to get people to start answering.
You only have to make one friend on Twitter
that turns out to be a robot designed to sell you Subway sandwiches
to then have that veil of suspicion built between you and your every loved one.
Yes.
So what I'm saying is maybe, maybe, maybe there is a company,
not necessarily Subway specific.
We kind of, they cover a bunch of different organizations,
a bunch of different businesses,
and they hire actors and actresses to pose as people's loved ones
to try to convince them to use the products from that location.
It's not crazy.
It could happen.
I'm just saying that that's not crazy.
I want to be there when this campaign, when the Subway campaign ends
because marketing dollars are finite.
You'll have to get them one day when you say,
so where do you want to go?
Subway?
What?
No, actually, fuck Subway.
I want to go to Texas Steakhouse.
I mean, but what if she is on the longest con with this gentleman?
This Subway shuts down and she's like, listen, Mark, I had a great time,
but we've come to the end of our-
Just ended a divorce.
Yeah.
It's, listen, you were great.
You were a great consumer.
Lots of, like a surprising amount of millions of dollars
you were giving to Subway every year.
You've also lost a ton of weight just eating Subway every day.
In a weird sort of way, I almost sort of developed feelings for you,
but not a lot of feelings.
And I do want to contact-
We shared a lot of topping preferences.
We liked the same kind of bread.
Let's just, why don't we start over, you know?
Why don't we go get, oh, no, okay, no.
Let's go to Penn Station.
Let's go to Penn Station.
No, maybe that'll be our new thing.
Come on, I'll get you a Pibb extra.
My friend and I just finished our first adventure in home brewing.
The beer turned out great, but here's a problem.
We don't have any idea what to call it.
We could really use some of that McElroy wisdom
to pick out a great name for our brew.
The beer is an Irish stout with notes of dark chocolate.
If it helps, we could send you a few bottles to try it out.
This is from Brew Wilder in Treetown.
Travis, did you just put this question in here
so that we can maybe get some free beers?
Did you think they would just send free beers to PO Box 54,
honey, to West Virginia, 25706?
Perhaps.
I also want to point out to Brew Wilder
that it is easier for us to name the beer
if you send the beer first.
It's a lot harder for us to name it
and then be held by you sending it to us afterwards.
I just came up with a name for the beer
that Travis tried to make that one time
when we lived together in Batavia, Ohio,
which was bottled in plastic bottles,
and then I had two sips of,
and the name of that beer is bubbly soy sauce
because that's what it was.
I might have no idea what I did wrong,
but it did not turn out well.
What we did wrong was that we used tap water
and we did it in a crock pot
that I used to make ramen earlier that day,
and then we put it in plastic bottles
in our refrigerator for about four days.
So what we did, there were a few steps there
where we goofed and slipped,
maybe a little, maybe a tad.
Man, that was fucking grody.
Man, that was the worst.
It was grody.
It's the first beer I've ever had
that I could not give away.
I took it to like three different parties
and I was like,
and I brought this beer if anyone wants it,
and they took a look at the unlabeled
brown plastic bottles with the white screw on caps
that looked like I just dumped out some mug root beer
and refilled it, and they were like,
nah, we're good.
Couldn't give it away.
Not crazy about that.
I will dip my sushi in it though,
because that seems just perfect.
Because that seems just perfect.
This is a, why do you need a name?
You know, why do you need branding?
It's just beer.
You just drink it.
You could make it to market to TV shows
that don't want to worry about branding issues
and just call it beer.
Just call it beer.
I see what you're saying.
I see what you're saying.
So like on the real world,
they cover up the labels with duct tape.
With this, you could just say
a bottle of refreshing liquid.
You could even be...
Yes.
Yeah.
Do you think the person who has to cover up
the beer labels with duct tape on the real world
describes themselves as being
in the entertainment industry?
Oh God, yes.
I'm like-
He works marketing in the entertainment.
He's the same guy that duct tapes over the emblems
on people's hats on MTV Cribs.
Hold on there.
Okay.
Hold on there, Buckaroo.
Let me just get that shampoo.
Gotcha.
Gotcha.
Okay, duct taped.
Yeah, I'm in-
I will be in my trailer full of tape.
I am in reverse marketing is what I'm into.
I stunt brands is what I do.
Two years ago, I was dating a girl
that turned out to be paid by Subway
and after having my heart broken,
I swore it off all brand day.
It seems a strange crusade, I know.
I do have a long-term plan
to murder Jared Fogle in three months.
So I do have that going for me.
That's sort of my whole...
Sort of pretty much my whole motif right now.
Do you think Jared...
Do you think when she broke up with him,
Jared was like waving outside?
Come on, babe.
In his Subway Jeep?
No, it's on a Subway motorcycle, obviously.
Come on, babe.
Obviously.
With his stupid Garden State sidecar.
He's wearing a helmet made of day-old bread.
Great, now I'm hungry.
Yeah.
I know.
So, names for beer.
Names for beer.
I think you need to do anything
where you take like the word brew or suds or anything
and place it into the title of something else that you enjoy.
What about this?
Slam drunk.
Ooh, I like it.
How's that?
That's kind of sporty.
What about suds buds?
Bud suds.
So suds buds is obviously the name of your company
and then bud suds because it's beer
and maybe you sprinkle a little bit of weed in it.
A lot of people have been trying to find a way
to corner this new booming legal marijuana market.
I think sprinkle some flakes of your beer into the weed
and then that can be your whole thing.
Yeah, it's weird.
What about rehydrated beer
and you tell people that it came in a powder form
and then you rehydrate it?
Because that seems convenient and kind of futuristic.
What about pre-popsicles?
Couldn't that be any fluid though?
Not beer, it doesn't freeze.
Got it.
What about suds buds?
Dad fuel.
Dad fuel is a great name for a beer.
Epic.
Dad fuel.
Dad fuel.
When my daddy comes home from work
and he's running on fumes.
He gases up with some dad fuel
and then he's ready to hang out with us.
You'll be ready to dad for two to three hours
after just one dad fuel.
Pop it open, rip it off, bounce them on your knees.
Now consult your physician before you try dad fuel
and if your dadergy lasts longer than four hours.
Yeah, just keep popping more dad fuel.
My fucking kids went to bed
and I really want to play with them more.
This is damn it, all this dad fuel.
We are skipping school tomorrow and doing it.
Dad fuel.
I'm in dad fuel rehab right now.
I need you kids to keep your distance.
I've been ordered not to play with my children
for 50 days.
Please respect, please respect this.
Please.
Please respect this journey.
Dad accidentally put some unleaded dad fuel in the system
so dad's gonna need to sleep in a little bit today.
Can you guys get yourselves to school?
Thanks.
Let's fucking top off our dad fuel tanks
and drive on down to the money zone.
Hey Trav, who's this first message for?
It's for Ian Mullian.
Or Mullin.
Or Dovrum.
If he is French, it is Moulin.
If he is Chinese, it is Mulan.
It's from his younger brother.
It does not appear to be named here.
It's secret Moulin.
Secret Moulin, his younger brother.
Happy birthday, Ian, on February 8th from your favorite brother.
Thank you for always being awesome
and introducing me to Mim Bam, Mamba if you prefer.
I was hoping the bros could wish you a happy birthday.
Be fitting of a king.
Happy birthday, Moulin.
Oh my gosh, Lindsay.
Excuse me?
What did he say?
Sorry?
So happy birthday, King Ian.
Do you wanna have sex?
I'm your sister.
This is Game of Thrones.
Okay, cool, thank you.
All right, winter's coming and so is your next birthday.
So catch it.
Trav, we got another message.
Is this the one for Lindsay Peters?
It is the one for Lindsay Peters.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Do you have some other context for me?
I do have more information.
Would you like it?
Yeah, you know, as much as I was
just wanting to like read these words back and forth,
I thought maybe we could try to make like a conversation.
Well, this message is from Daniel, Liz, Logan, and Ryan.
And it says here both day and night,
which either means they know two Ryans,
one named Ryan Day and one named Ryan Night,
which is cool where there's one Ryan
and he behaves differently during the day and during the night.
Or there's like Lady Hawk, there's a Ryan
where every day at dusk he goes home
and then the next Ryan comes in for his shift.
I don't know what that-
Guys-
There's literally no explanation.
It's not the craziest thing.
How are you guys celebrating Ryan Day?
I'm just looking forward to, you know me.
I'm just looking forward to Ryan Night, man.
Living for the Ryan Night.
Anyway, we should make this message
about the person who the message is for.
Yeah, okay.
So Lindsay, congratulations on your new gig.
All your misandrist friends here at MLMRMDAM
are really proud.
She'll be making an honest living
so she can fund her hedgehog and Greyhound habits.
You know, I hate delivering these coded messages.
Does she really have hedgehogs?
I don't, is that an in-joke?
Did you just say the activation-
Or is it like a sex thing?
Did you just say the activation phrase
that's gonna send her after our American president and Pope?
I was trying to decode what MLMRMDAM means
and I think it is my lover, my roommate, my dad and me
which makes me all kinds of uncomfortable.
So have a happy, uncomfortable new job, Lindsay Peters.
Do you think that that's an activation phrase
that turns it from a robot into an android
that's capable of love?
That's exactly what just happened.
Got one more thing we want to tell you about.
Super exciting, not a person, more of an entity.
You want to go to, it's a show called
The Chapter Titles Were So Good.
It's a weekly podcast discussing
the magical world of Harry Potter one chapter at a time.
They balance keen literary insight
with a reverent off-the-wall humor
maintaining a wisdom to goof ratio
that listeners of MBMBAM might enjoy.
And we keep it nice and pithy at around 20 minutes per week.
We've just started the fourth book in the series.
So now is the time to join.
Man, how long you guys have been doing this show?
There's like a lot of chapters there.
You've already gotten through.
I also like that they acknowledge
that the first three books are bad
and then it gets really good on the fourth book.
More like the opposite of what you said
because the first three are all about childlike fantasy.
Oh shit, and I forgot Prisoner of Azkaban was number three.
Now I take it back.
Number three is when it starts to get good.
What's the one where I stop being about childlike fantasy
and all about like war and death?
It's like, we get enough of that in real life.
Just give me my Hufflepuff.
Yeah, I'm with you on that.
And I'm looking forward to listening
to these kids read chapter titles.
Are you drinking dad fuel right now?
I just want these other podcasts to stay out the game.
Yeah.
Listen, it's 2013.
There's not a lot of money, resources, or ears
just lying around, you know?
Hey, check this out.
The Boy Who Lived.
There's one.
That's chapter one, book one.
We just took that from you.
Took that.
That's ours now.
These nuts.
Harry and Hagrid reach an agreement.
Harry and Hagrid reach an agreement.
The worst wand.
Defense against the fart arts.
And not dark farts?
What happened to you?
What the fuck, Johnson?
It's doing dad fuel.
I have no kids here that I could dad.
I'm just building up in my limbic system.
My body's shutting down piecemeal.
You need to vent.
You need to open your exhaust.
I went and opened my dad vents.
Yeah.
He's busted a fan belt.
So be sure to check out the chapter titles are so good.com
or search chapter titles in iTunes.
And they will show up there and you can listen to it and enjoy it.
And if you, speaking of enjoyment,
guess who bought another 12 weeks of advertising with my brother, my brother.
Lock it in for three goddamn, through May, through May.
May, you are going to be hearing us talk about what?
Extreme restraints.com.
Your home for fucking and sucking and living and learning.
And trucking.
You know what's funny?
There was a time, like two years ago,
when Justin saying that sentence would have made me so uncomfortable.
Not anymore.
No barriers anymore.
I can't sleep without listening to episodes
where we talk about trucking and fucking and sucking.
And ducking, duck tales.
And shucking.
And shucking.
You want to get to this adult super store right now
and get some herbal penis pills, Justin.
This is more of a reminder to myself when I listen to this.
Siri, I just wrote it on the back of my hand in Sharpie.
Siri set calendar reminder.
Herb max stamina.
Special pills reminder.
Send that to my personal account.
Thank you.
And pick up another nine pack of dad fuel.
Cool.
Why do they only sell it in nine packs?
I have no idea.
It's so inconvenient.
I know.
They do have max size male enhancement formula.
So that's more of a cream.
Look for max fun male enhancement formula.
I've always said in order to make sure that you really maximize it
and blow it up down there,
you got to go both internal with some sort of pill
and then you need a topical ointment.
Oh, definitely.
It's just going to stretch the inside.
It's going to stretch the inside.
You're going to get stretch marks.
It's going to look like a zebra's neck.
This is a site you can go to.
Extremerestraints.com.
It's going to be super private.
It will be discreetly shipped to you in a box shaped like a dick.
Is there like a second option?
Because everyone talks about the discreetness.
What if I want all my neighbors to know what's up?
Yeah.
Is there like an option where it arrives and the guy knocks on my door and says,
hey, your special extra large condoms are here.
Hello?
Are you here?
I want them to know.
Yeah.
They just bring you a giant crate like in a Christmas story.
Only instead of saying fragile, it says like pussies.
Just so people know.
Let there be no doubt about it.
If you head over and use the coupon code midlist at extremerestraints.com,
you're going to save 20%, which is like one fifth of a dildo.
Would you say that the website itself is discreet?
Or is this the kind of thing that maybe you do on a small screened computer
if your significant other is around?
A little column A, a little column B.
Maybe your significant other is into it.
Maybe they don't know they're into it yet.
Do they have like a secret skin that you can apply to the website
to make it look like the Oprah television channel website?
Yeah.
And then there's like a picture of like the upcoming book of the month book,
but the text of it is like secret dicks.
Yeah.
Just like what you said is there.
And there's a boss button.
So if your boss comes by and just click that, it looks like charts and stuff.
But the chart is like how your boner will go when you put this cream on it.
And it's just a line going upwards.
So get over there.
It's a time to boner X, Y access.
So get over there.
ExtremeSaints.com.
Hi, Charlie.
How much time will you spend fucking?
But it's just one big blue circle.
And the circle just says yes.
All time.
I'm new to the whole dating scene.
Most of my previous boyfriends were dudes who orbited around my friend circle
and conversation flowed easily.
However, once the friend ratio of X's in my group started creeping towards a 40% mark,
I figured it's probably time I started branching out.
Problem is I don't know how to converse with the person I've just met in a way that's not awkward.
Once I start trying to think of something to ask, panic sets in and I draw a total blank.
It's the getting to know you questions that I struggle with the most.
I don't know what's appropriate to ask.
It might be considered prying.
If you guys have any ideas past the obvious what do you do type thing, I'd love to hear it.
That's from Gmail.
I like this question.
I like this question because it presupposes everything we've been chatting about,
which is the best thing to do is to ask them questions, get interested in them,
and don't be afraid to like start the conversation out about them.
That's great.
I think it's a very fair point because I think there are certain questions that seem like prying.
But I actually get, I have problems with this when it's a person that I sort of know a little bit
and I'm seeing them because like I'm always worried that I'm going to ask like,
how's your dad?
And you know, he's in jail again or something, you know,
and I'll step into a landmine that I didn't mean to.
Because you were so busy having an uncomfortable conversation
that you weren't looking down at the minefield you were walking through.
Right, exactly.
I wonder, do you think now's really the time, Justin?
Can we focus?
No, I'm just wondering, you know, how's your family?
They're all dead.
Oh, no.
Kaboom.
Kaboom.
This is like, I really do think that like having those kinds of conversations
and getting to know somebody, like having those getting to know you conversations,
it's a skill that you really do need to practice
because it is different from having a conversation with just some rando
if you're like on a date or whatever.
I think that's why, I think that's sort of the reason that online dating is successful
because it's like practice.
It's like you can practice having these relationships
and it's the most low stress scenario ever because if it fucks up, it's like, well,
you know, there's so many people on the internet, you know, just look at Twitter.
I'm like sitting here trying to think of a question
that doesn't just make you sound like just a complete boner.
Well, don't-
It's like, well, the question was like, what I thought it's like,
so, seen any good movies lately? And it's like, I think it's about the sincerity
with which you ask it. And if you ask it like I just did, you sound like an asshole.
But there's nothing, there's nothing sincere, there's nothing sincere about like,
so tell me about yourself. Like, what? Like, what?
I really, really like sour jelly bellies. Like, what the fuck do you want from me?
Like, what do you want to know? That's not your, that's not yours to know.
I think if you come at a date from the angle of an interrogation,
like, you're just going to weird them and yourself out. Like, just talk to them.
I think that's the issue. That's why I have such problems with meeting people in bars,
because there's no context. If you're like at a movie screening, or you're like in a book club,
or you're anywhere else, like you have things to talk about. But if you're at a bar,
all you can say is, what are you drinking? And do you come to this bar often? Like,
so do you like really loud house music? Or, oh, you don't? I mean, either.
Have you tried Dad Fuel's Pale Ale? Oh, it's so good. They've used lots of hops.
Hops for pops is what they call it. You could ask him the questions that
James Lipton uses. Just go through those. Cycle through those.
They would love that. Hey, so what's your favorite word? Oh,
I'm Travis. Nice to meet you. What sound do you love?
Boxers or briefs? I've never watched inside the acting studio.
When you get to heaven- Dad Fuel or Dad Fuel? Trick question.
I'm in marketing for Dad Fuel. To which side do you dress?
Now I'm uncomfortable. Shoes or bow ties?
I think that'd be great. Just set yourself up a set of flashcards that was all like,
or questions that didn't have anything to do with one another. Flamingos or bathtubs?
Oh, very interesting. Witches or sandwiches?
And I do mean here witches that mainly practice their machinations in sand.
Do you know what is really usually very successful is if you are at a bar or something and you're
meeting somebody, just walk up to the person and then point to the person next to them and be like,
this guy, right? I'm Griffin, by the way. Maybe offer him a Tums, because most of the
time you could probably use one. I've got Yucky Tummy.
I've got Yucky Tummy. Do you have Yucky Tummy? Pop one of these. I'm Griffin, by the way.
This is going great. I think if you-
I really feel like we've made a tummy connection. When you introduce yourself to somebody,
if you say I'm and then your name, and then by the way, that's probably the worst five-
I love it because it implies that you've just had a really long, in-depth conversation and
failed to mention your name. But if you're like, hello, I'm Griffin, by the way.
But that's- I played that- when I was in this person's shoes, just out of a relationship in
college and had never really dated before, and would just be talking to some strange
person I just met at a bar, and then we'd talk for 10 minutes about some shitty movie that we
just saw, and then it's like, oh, I'm Griffin, by the way. I should have afforded you that
information 10 minutes ago, maybe. Whoops. Movies do this all the time, though.
Movies do this with a delayed title card, so you'll be watching Jake Sully run through
the jungle for 10 minutes, and then after 10 minutes, it's like, oh, I'm Avatar, by the way.
That's the movie I am.
Maybe you should play it like that and be like, I'm Griffin, by the way. Directed by Griffin.
Coming soon, and then leave the room.
That was just a teaser, and then you come back and you say,
it's time for the release date, by which I mean sex.
Okay, next time you're talking to someone of the opposite sex and trying to pick them up,
stop them after two minutes and 30 seconds and say, sorry, baby, this is just a trailer.
Unless you're ready for the red band trailer, and then you get your dick back.
In which case, I will meet you in the alley.
I'm going to box office smash your pussy apart.
Did I do good?
I wanted to play along. You guys are playing like a fun game together, and I wanted to get in on it,
but I didn't know. That was one of those conversations I could only sidestep into,
and then say box office smash that pussy apart. I'm Griffin.
You're welcome, guys. Great guys and so inclined girls. There's a great line you can use
next time you're writing in a movie.
It's the worst. Just get engaged as quick as you can, man.
Nobody knows what they're doing up there. Griffin, how about a Yahoo question?
Yeah, I'll give you one. Man, I got like six. I got six really good ones.
Okay.
This one may not be able to start much of a conversation. I just love it so much.
I just sent it by Ben Hockenberry. Thanks, Ben. It's by Yahoo. It's his user.
She's that one who asks, how do people on Jeopardy know the answers?
Oh, God. Oh, my God.
I don't know where that question is going to go, but I do just like-
I just like that it exists.
I like the picture of this gentleman watching Jeopardy and pulling his hair out, screaming.
What kind of freak? How do they know this?
This is amazing.
Oh, my God. They have super powers.
this is amazing oh my god they have superpowers um let's try this one this yahoo answer is
sent in by christopher cook thank you christopher it's by yahoo answers user sean dault who
asks is it weird to carry a list at the grocery store i was a giant eagle and about to go
into the store i had my car pulled aside and stepped to the side to get my list out of
my pocket it took about 30 seconds for me to reach the list in my pocket there's this
one lady standing behind me and awkwardly staring at me strange so i said to her go
ahead you don't just have to stand there and wait for me she gave me a disgusted look and
said rudely whatever the way she was looking at me was beyond weird and treated me like
i was dumb or had severe obsessive compulsive disorder for having a grocery store list of
what to buy uh is it weird uh and obsessive to carry a huge grocery list with you blah
blah blah blah blah so the deeper level here is this young man was masturbating in the
giant i was masturbating through my pocket at giant eagle is that okay i know they allow
that at piggly wiggly in fact they encourage it the jiggly piggly wiggly but a giant eagle
is that not cool no are we i want to say something about giant eagle real quick okay
is the world not unfriendly enough to time travelers yeah that we have a giant building
with the words giant eagle written on the side like what else are you gonna think is
stored there yeah you're gonna think there's a giant eagle in there right yeah well there
isn't that what you would think people of the future do not journey into that building
have you it contains a bow to pray the likes of which have never been seen this is where
we we've we've imprisoned him here and put a giant sign remind ourselves that this is
indeed where we left the giant eagle what do you want to call a grocery store how about
eagle no fuck that fuck that noise how about this giant eagle what about fucking what about
fucking big bear we had a grocery store called big bear oh oh big bear huh nice try guys
i got something bigger than a big bear a giant eagle oh god they just opened enormous raptor
across the street do you want to go to little cat fuck you of course i don't want to go
to little cat damn you and your mom and pop tiny animal store i'm going to enormous seal
give me where's my list do you guys use lists i can't i can't i can't do you know why because
i don't like my grocery shopping experience to a take six hours and b be like the final
round in the carmen san diego uh game show like if i have a list that just ensures that
like i'm gonna go oh okay pasta well that's in that's in lane six but then oh shit pasta
sauce that's all the way over in lane one i just go through in a serpentine pattern
and clear the shelves like i'm in supermarket suite the problem with that is the problem
with that is is that in this world if you arrive at a supermarket at the same time as
someone else who is also serpentining through the store and you arrive like three seconds
after them you are guaranteed to look like the creepiest supermarket stalker ever because
you're just like slowly winding behind them like oh you're getting ramen i'm gonna get
ramen too turning right here that's funny oh yeah me too me too oh you get marshmallow
fluff huh i haven't had a fluffer nutter in forever maybe that's how you do your small
talk pick up lines it's everything they pick up oatmeal huh it's good for the constitution
cool i love i have to have a list uh i like to do a little planning so i have some idea
of what i'm gonna make uh but but i i always i always go the list i don't know how you
guys know it's funny to me because you need just what you said like i i think lists are
for people that can plan meals and i can't do that so i'll just like wind through the
store and get whatever i want and then i'll get home and pull out the things that i want
and be like what the fuck am i gonna make with pickles and peanut butter and oh jesus
what was i thinking you say meal planning like i don't need a list to when i see spaghetti
go yes spaghetti that is desirable to me or will be sometime within the next week week
and a half yes i don't need a list do i like spaghetti help me list list says i like spaghetti
so i'm gonna go ahead and pick this up but do i need grains i just don't know if you're
gonna make a meal with like more than two components then it gets a little trickier
what if i want to make swordfish piccata like i'm not gonna walk past the capers be like
oh fuck looking good capers get in here oh briny and in a jar perfect that's just what
i want get in here capers you and me are going on a caper but that's it but i feel like a
shitty bat like a mean bouncer when i walk by the fruit by the foots and i'm like sorry
fruit by the foots not on the list we already got too many fruit by the foots in this bar
i'm suggesting you a plan that keeps you from buying fruit by the foot like i yeah i do
need that structure i guess well then i need a list of mr money bags mr mr vip am i to
say no to the chocolate covered gingerbread cookies yeah i need i need a list a do not
buy list that my doctor made for me it's like you need to stop buying so much salted caramels
that is why um i i do not allow myself to go to the store by myself anymore without
teresa yeah because the gentle shame that she puts upon me when because when we walk
in our local aldi because all these awesome the first like 30 feet is all bags of chips
and i will just without thinking about it crap like eight bags of chips yeah and the
gentle shaming that tree sit and that's like every week the gentle shaming that trisa will
lay down on me and be like oh cheese puffs huh oh and burritos i feel like i feel oh
oh and you're getting the wavy chips oh and the regular chips i feel like uh i feel like
i've talked about this before but rachel and i when we go grocery shopping she starts
on one end of the store with a cart and i start on the other end of the store with a
cart and then we meet in the middle and once we meet in the middle we go we go check out
have i talked about this before this this amazing 12 minute long grocery shopping maneuver
the only how do you do that without a list i and how do you do that without not meeting
in the middle and her going why did you get 18 boxes of cookies well it's because i'm
well i'm a grown-ass man um but also because i man can eat cookies i mostly just buy the
same things every time i shop which is uh unfortunate because she starts in produce
and i start on the far far end of the store where they put the bad foods um so without
fail every time i start my journey the first two things i put in my cart at the heb grocery
store is toilet paper and low-fat ice cream sandwiches so somebody who sees me at the
beginning of my odyssey is like this man has very specific plans for the evening and that
is to party on some skinny cow ice cream sandwiches and then poop and wipe butts you have to be
so careful when you're buying toilet paper i have a bad habit of like i'll go to ride
aid because i need toilet paper and then i'll get like one other thing and i always feel
like the subtle message i'm sending is this makes me poop i went to wall greens yesterday
to buy batteries and uh was reminded that it was discount valentine's day candy time
oh shit and so like i couldn't stop myself i bought three boxes like heart-shaped boxes
of chocolates to be shared with me and my fiance and then i realized that when i walked
up the counter i was buying a pack of batteries and some like outdated valentine's day candy
and i just couldn't i couldn't even think about what message i was sending to this poor
man that was ringing me out except for wow this is a sad guy poor guy but then i ate
all of that chocolate in one day so who's the sad guy now what's great about my maneuver
is sometimes we don't meet each other in the middle and you make to the other side of the
store it's like well double chili this week i guess guess it's double chili week fuck
perfect and ice cream sandwiches always melt by the time you get to the cashier so you
guys just get cans of chili sometimes yeah yeah that'd be dope i wish i could have a
can of chili do it it's healthy chili you get a thing like a block of obd you melt them
together you have some delicious chip dip well i decided i was thinking like wolf's
turkey chili it's like you know it's like 280 calories but that's like your whole meal
sydney's not big time chili so i'm gonna eat chili much you could have your own secret
husband chili that you drink with your dad what are you having for dinner tonight me
husband chili and dad obviously trying to start a family do you guys want to end the
show yeah i do griffin i really do okay uh hold on one second i just do need to try to
get the domain for dad fuel really just hang in there real quick just trying to grab that
i feel like you should talk to us about like how we're gonna split the revenues for that
but you're just sort of going for it right now shit it's taken no but wait i can get
you dad fueled on it can you get me dad fuel.org i can't gov do you want dad fuel. okay i can
get you dad fuel.org or i can get you dad hyphen fuel.com which one do you want can
you get me how about what about um um suds buds dad fuel or just why don't we start with
suds buds we can go suds buds.com slash dad fuel and that'll be like our landing page
for our dad fuel product and then that that allows us the opportunity to really suds buds
is taken well now suds buds.net i can get you okay now sudsy.com uh oh man how do you
say sudsy shit well sudsy is our is our mascot i'm sudsy the dad fuel let's i'm drunk and
i love you how i have another one okay extreme restraints okay that's taken dot gov dot gov
okay it's a site about waterboarding dig it what about dadfuel.xxx uh that is ninety dollars
lo siento thank you guys so much for listening to this program uh we uh we really appreciate
you of course tuning in every week um hopefully you will join us again next monday and every
subsequent monday as we delight you except for the mondays that we skip beru which we
did last week and sorry we don't do it that often it was a bit it was the wicked busiest
weekend justin was snowed in he almost died i almost died in nemo now who's the bad guy
now who feels bad we've uh we've got a website mbnbam.com we got a twitter account at mbnbam
people tweet about us with the mbnbam hashtag people like kayla austin terrell uh travis
ernesto shanta sasha um brett eagleston uh kevin grant um katie cisneros uh here jay
stanek here's a weird thing i noticed uh this week if you search have you guys noticed so
soon you can taste it yes yeah you have noticed this that's like a spam it's like a spam bot
right there's a spam bot that tweets so soon you can taste it period period mbnbam and
if you search for that specific phrase there's like 30 spam bots that have used that specific
phrase which i find that very endearing because i think it's just like a thing that they say
so that they're so that they're like their shitty accounts don't get caught for being
spam bots so like our show is like a heuristic for seeming like you're a human being oh so
this is like the new turing test right right anybody who talks about like no robot knows
what our fucking podcast is we're not that we're not that but in a way i feel famous
a little bit because like before like they'd be like man i sure do like justin bieber and
that would be like the metric for for humanity oh also i think we missed this because we
were gone last week mysteriously um but they announced the max fun con lineup it's oh yeah
it's sick oh it is you know if you haven't seen it check it out we're up in it yeah we're
there we're doing uh we're doing a mbnbam justin and i are doing a a video game panel
with tom bissel um should be pretty crazy if you like that i will i will be doing nothing
charles won't do shit i'll be drinking malort is it me and john hodgeman drunk in the pool
oh and uh speaking of john hodgeman before i forget check out all the other awesome podcasts
on max fun network uh judge john hodgeman jordan jesse go bullseye um oh and bullseye
which is now going to be on npr so congratulations yeah that's awesome yeah i forgot we couldn't
talk about that but yeah it's npr npr bullseye catch it there and check out uh stop podcasting
yourself and throwing shade risk memory palace oh i feel like i forgot one international
waters jordan jesse go the gentleman who makes memory palace uh uh nate demio uh wrote the
episode of parks and recreation last week not this week it's a great episode he's also
going to be at max fun con so come i will see him and hug him yeah um i want to thank
john roger and the long winters for the super team song it's a departure off the album putting
the days to bed thank you john roger and the long winters for this for the song that i
just mentioned uh griffin yeah the last question was yeah i do it was sent in by christine
erickson thank you christine it's by yahoo answers user dark one who asks is it good
to be a pilot i'm just a macro i'm travis i'm griffin by the way this has been my brother
my brother may kiss your dad
