The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there will know how
cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
Travis is prepping for our live show, which we've, we've subtitled, uh, My Brother, My
Brother and Me, real talk live, face to face.
The number two, otherwise.
Hi, this is My Brother, My Brother and Me, it's an advice show for the modern era, like
Chilean minors emerging from the depths of, uh, no, no, no, no, can we, can we drink in
here?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Try to stop us.
I can't.
They don't want that on the record.
I'm gonna move Jesse's computer here.
So hi, I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm your oldest brother.
Uh, I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm the middle-est brother.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
I'm the youngest brother, and my mic's turned on, which means I win.
What?
Like you, D-Net.
Am I on?
Yeah.
You sound good.
Speak noisy.
I don't know.
Fucking killer start.
So here's what we do.
We, uh, we take your questions, uh, and turn them out, coming like into wisdom.
We've asked some of the people who are going to be here tonight to submit questions, uh,
wisdom that they need, uh, delivered unto them.
Uh, we also have some questions from the Yahoo Answers Service, but let's start with, uh,
one of these right now.
First...
Before, before we begin.
Yeah.
Do you guys have any, like, goals or...
Goals you wanna...
Like, any wishes, any hopes and dreams for this?
Just for the live show?
My, my only goal...
Whoa.
I don't care if it's funny or not.
Um...
I mean, I really have their money.
You're really up on that mic.
You're really...
Getting a taste, huh?
I gotta eat it.
Like, more of the taste of chrome.
I can't perform without chrome in my mouth.
My only goal is, I hope, that...
Still.
He hopes you can hear his mustache.
I want you to feel the bristles of my face against your face.
What's it like to kiss Griffin?
This is what it's like.
My only goal...
I've got a new goal to change since we started, but go ahead.
I just don't want my balls to come out of my pants, so...
I don't know how it would happen.
I would shift...
I'm wearing jeans.
It would require some physics.
They'll never know.
There's like a...
Put some English.
Your money.
You're good.
Yeah.
I actually...
I developed a fear slash goal.
What's that?
And that is...
No one can ever see it, including these guys, because we record in different places, but
when I'm at home, if I'm thinking of a joke, my face goes to this.
Or like a solid...
For the majority of the show?
Yeah.
Like...
For those listening who are downloading the show later, I would liken it to a caveman.
Yeah.
I call it dead face.
Okay.
Because it's like...
Yeah.
And then I come back with a joke, and I need to not do that in front of all you guys.
That's a preview for Travis' Wake.
That's that gallows humor.
I would just like to not be super racist.
Like if I dip my toe into some mild racism, that would be fine.
I edit every podcast, and in every episode, sure enough, there's one tiny little tidbit.
Usually, you have to look to find it.
Like where's Waldo?
Only instead of Waldo, it's like a racist question.
We usually record like three hours of material, and then put out an hour-long show.
I express this fear to my wife, who's here.
Is she here?
Is she somewhere?
Hey.
Hey, everybody.
It's my wife, Sydney, and my dad, Clint, our dad, shared dad, our co-dad, Clint.
I express this fear to my wife.
She called it pulling a Kramer, which if my career can be summed up that way...
This is our first live show, which is not the best time to pull a Kramer.
You don't want to pull a Kramer.
Because this is our first live show, I want to take a second to apologize for the fact...
I don't hear myself.
Is it really that loud?
No, you're still good.
I need more monitor burning.
I want to apologize, because this is what we look like.
Sorry, everybody.
I feel like we adopted some handsome radio voices from our father, who's a radio professional,
but...
This is it.
Oh, you're getting...
Where's Eric?
Is Eric here?
Eric?
Can you raise your hand?
Eric from Chicago.
Good one, Eric.
Way to narrow it down, Eric.
Well, Eric asked us a question about paintball.
He said, at my corporate job, there was recently a call for suggestions for team-building activities.
I propose paintball since it's a team game and can use the products we make, radios,
while playing.
The boss really liked it.
We're going to do it this summer.
Here's where I need advice.
I actually proposed this idea because it would give me free reign to shoot my coworkers in
the dick with paintballs, potentially consequence-free.
Would it be uncouth to go on a dick-shooting rampage at a corporate team-building event,
or should I go ahead with my plan of dick destruction because, hey, it's part of the
game?
Eric?
Eric, first off, I think you have some misconceptions about paintball.
I haven't played paintball in a while, but I don't remember it being just like a campaign
for impotence.
And what's all this pent-up dick rage?
You really are angry at your coworkers' dicks.
There's a lot of places you can shoot with a paintball gun on a person's body that's
going to hurt.
You don't have to aim straight for the dick.
Yeah, not right for the dick.
I think you can probably, Eric, we can give you permission to do this, but I think that
it's going to come down to a question of fortitude.
If you've got your boss's dick in lacrosse hairs, can you pull the trigger, release the
CO2, and just fucking fire that red spot of, like, I mean, it's insubordination, right?
Yeah, because that's not going to come up in the performance review, but it's going
to be there in the background.
Yeah, like, if the performance review were a play, the backdrop would be a picture of
him, you shooting him in the wiener, like, he's not going to let it slide.
Also, it's not just about can you do it, but can you do it?
Like, do you have the accuracy required to really just get right in there and shoot him
square in the dick, because, first of all, you're going to need to know the parameters
of said dick, which, good luck acquiring that information.
We're going to need some heavy recon before this paintball game.
He gets his own performance review, like, what are you working with down there?
Eric was really worried about shooting all of us in the dick, but he spent most of the
time just firing at walls.
You could ask the measurements of his dick, because you could tell him that you don't
want to shoot him in the dick, so you need to know which area not to aim for.
Can you paint your dick with some neon green, something just to help me avoid...
Of course, a tiny orange hat on the top.
Don't get it twisted.
Don't get it twisted.
Don't get it twisted, Raphael.
I'm just going to shoot around...
He works at the Ninja Turtles.
I forgot to...
What I'm saying, if you shoot your boss in, like, the upper thigh or the mom's pubis,
you're going to get in an equal amount of trouble, and you're not going to get that
sweet satisfaction you'll get from a killer dick shot.
You want to feel it.
Griffin, do we have any yahoos?
We have so many yahoos.
This one we found.
It wasn't sent in by anybody.
Which is where...
What?
It was actually sent in by...
What now?
We'll still get down there in the dirt with you people and fucking dig around.
We have a basic understanding of how the internet works.
Yeah.
Google schmoo, I say.
Justin actually found this one.
Is this your first...
It's a treasure trove.
You never really...
You don't have to be like that.
It doesn't have to be like that.
No, I'm saying...
In case anyone doesn't know, Justin contributes nothing until this moment.
So like this.
Here it is.
Ready?
And I turn it on, and they get, like, 50 minutes, and then off.
I don't even remember the show exists.
This question was asked by Carly, who asks, where can I hire an elf impersonator for my
b-day party?
I am going all out this year and throwing myself a b-day party.
I'm an elf fanatic.
I think we could have assumed...
Yeah.
I'm cool on elf.
I'm a minor elf enthusiast.
I bought my three friends three gifts to give me.
An elf lunchbox, an elf alarm clock, and an elf rock star action figure with guitar and
posable arms.
Let it sink in, okay?
Let it sink in.
All I need is an elf impersonator.
Where can I find this?
I would say, first and foremost, you need a few more things than just an elf impersonator.
I can think of 25 things off the top of my head that you need before you need an elf
impersonator.
I'm going to throw out this person has three friends.
Who apparently does not understand her penchant for elf.
They couldn't think, like, what's Carly all about?
Alf, I think.
That's maybe what you should base your gifts on.
So tell me about this birthday party you're taking me to, Danny.
Yeah, it's going to be cool.
The guy's really nice.
There's this one thing.
Just a heads up.
Just a heads up.
If someone brings up Gordon Shumway, just roll with it.
He's a fan.
Welcome to Melmac.
We are not being particularly helpful.
You're right.
Where can they find an elf impersonator?
What's the number one?
Is there an accepted answer from the Yahoo!
Answer service?
Well, I'm reading, I don't know if you can see this, I'm reading off a piece of paper.
I don't have that information.
I remember it because I looked it up, number one answer.
The Midget Store.
No, that's it.
No, you guys laugh, but that's an excellent point because if you get an elf that is like
you get eye to eye with an elf, like he's the height of a full grown man, like you will,
that's a terrible, I can't imagine anything scarier than that in my mind than a six foot
tall elf.
You don't think like the whole situation is just terrifying in general?
I think the whole situation is terrifying in general, but for...
No, see I thought this too.
Elf expanded to six feet tall, horrifying, but not as horrifying as that moment when
you reach for the punch and you're like, whoa, elf, right there.
There's a whole emporium of oddly sized like 80s sitcom star impersonators.
Could we make this like a giant Webster, like horrifyingly gigantic wonders.
With killing power.
She's a robot, but with killing power.
Yeah, she's basically...
She's still cute as a button, but she's nine feet tall.
She's sweet as pie.
Her arm does spin around and become a machine gun.
She's a darling though.
She's fucked up to Skynet, but otherwise a real sweetheart.
I think that if you are a midget, a little person, who does birthday parties...
If you are an elf impersonator, you don't care.
You've got the suit, right?
Like you've got the suit in your house.
There can't be enough of those just rolling around that...
Call me what you will.
I need the money real bad.
Is this guy going to be able to handle meeting elf in person?
Is this guy going to be able to handle the pressure?
I'm like, I couldn't...
I am Starstruck.
Oh yeah, let me pause at another question.
Can we just get the real elf?
What's he up to?
What has elf been in since elf?
Oh, fucking stupid elf.
He's got to be doing something, right?
Somewhere there's a room you could walk into and there would be elves hanging from the
ceiling.
Deal with that reality.
Let's just like dead-eyed looking right at you.
We were talking about this backstage, actually.
Just rapping about elf.
How fucked up is it that elf's real name is Gordon Shumway?
Do people still call him Alf?
Like he told them his real ass name, right?
Like, hi, I'm Gordon.
Oh, Alf.
That's just shorthand bigotry is what that is.
Yeah, Alf is his slave name, basically.
That's what you're saying to me.
I'll edit that out later.
Fuck.
Fuck.
You know, a lot of people don't know this.
LeVar Burton played elf.
That's true.
That's true.
That's true.
You laugh.
It's true.
Your accent is fascinating.
Not just a blind man, also an extraterrestrial with a real taste for kiddies.
I am...
Is Jacque here?
Jacque?
Hi, Jacque.
Jacque.
Jacque.
Jacque asks us I'm writing on behalf of my BFF Ally B. Her boyfriend feels really uncomfortable
in neckties and bowties.
He doesn't like to wear them but still wants to look classy when attending dress-up style
events such as weddings or charity balls what are some great tie alternatives
that's from Jacqueline you picked it of the two podcasts that are performing
tonight you picked the best one I think yeah who you go to fashion advice the
guys who all showed up with the exact same jacket had to switch last minute
Travis check it off no yeah Travis took his jacket off real tall. I think we can all agree, all agree.
Ebola tie. Are you an up-and-coming oil magnate? I think if I see a guy in Ebola tie I know it's
time to party like yeah if that guy makes that bolo tie choice shit might go
down shit might not go down I want to be with that guy yeah what is what is the
utility of Ebola tie what is it what is it holding together? It's like an ID badge it's like saying I'm the Swiss army knife of people
no matter what circumstance comes up I got it. You need clothing accessories with
real cow skulls on them I'm your guy. I think a great alternative is just the
open top button. You think? Yeah because that says like I'm not gonna constrain your
rules I'm not gonna follow whatever laws you set forth before. I go with the
office party look where it's I was wearing a tie it might have been up
later but right now I'm down it's margarita let's do this. What about pet
snake? What if it was a corn snake that you turned into Ebola tie? I would wear
that I would sport that look. Griffey got any more yahoos? Sure. I know you do. I saw
the list. I do. This one was sent in by Jacob Locker. Is he here? I don't think he
is. He's the greatest. He's the greatest person. Thank you Jacob Locker it's by
yahoo answers user Megan Curtis who asks perplexingly how can I get back at
my mom without putting pizza crust in my butt?
That's the only way I know like that exists. When I'm mad at her I stick pizza
crust in my butt so she'll have to take me to the hospital. How many times could
that be effective? Once maybe twice and then it's like you got this. How can I
get back at her without having to do this? Megan Curtis. Do you think after like three
times the mom starts going just start doing heroin? The little boy who
cried there's pizza crust in my ass. I think if your mom has had more than once
scoop you up in her arms like her baby boy take you to the ER and and show you
to the doctor and hold you up like Simba and say yeah you're fucking
gotten back you there's no shit she can do where you're you have not gotten back
in advance at her. You've gotten back as hard as you're gonna get back. Why hasn't the mom stopped buying pizza?
For the very least go with thin crust. God damn it this DiGiorno deal is just so good. You see you see the Papa
John's guy pull up outside and you start running through your mind like what the fuck did I do?
Did we fight? What could he be mad about? I gave him back his Akon tape I don't
know what his problem is. I let him listen to Beastie Boys at all hours. Like of all the
ways to inconvenience your parents to teach them a lesson I think making them
take you to the hospital I think is one of the worst ways to do it especially
when the toll to do so is sticking. If anyone listening to this right now is
considering this mode of getting back your parents. A. Kill yourself. B. Your parents might react
strongly in the moment then they're gonna have a glass of wine later and
look at each other and go what did we do? Our son's a pizza file freak. And then
they're gonna giggle. I giggle. Hey and by the way pizza guy like we get it we
know what's up. You're not mad at your mom. You like to put some pizza crust.
The sexiest of all the Italian foods. Talk about stuff trust.
We were all thinking. Thank you. The voice of the people.
That was good. I do that when no one can see. That's all I had written down.
We're down for pizza crust riffing if you want to move on. Is that all the pizza
is all the pizza crust gags? Those are all our notes. Is a musically minded in the
Midwest here? Musically minded in the Midwest? Hey hey right there. That's a weird name.
That's a weird name. I bet I bet after you got that name you put some pizza
crust in your butt. I meant it. How do my wife and I convince our eight-year-old
son that piano lessons are awesome and not nerdy? When we told him we want to
take him to take piano lessons he told us he only knows one kid that takes
piano lessons and that they are a huge liability to his reputation.
Grew up so fast. We want him to inherit the same love of music that our parents
gave us. Help us brothers. How old is the kid? Eight. Eight years old? How's he supposed to
front in the Pokemon League? How's your rep? What's your rep like? Like what kind
of rep do you have at age eight? Yeah man he's probably trained three four
years he doesn't give a shit. He does I mean he does but it's in the potty.
There's a lot of really fuck like you show all the manly poonhound pianists
out there you like your Elton John's your Liberace's give those those role
models there to look look for and or Billy Joel. I could name ten nerdier instruments off the top of my head like if you want to give that kid flugelhorn lessons then he's in
for a world of hurt but I think a piano yeah you can make him take flugelhorn
lessons and then give him the option to do piano. I've been practicing my
theremin for three months I'm ready to switch I think. I just got beat up in the in
the at eight years old. Well on the other hand though if he gets like super
talented and he has playing some tinder jams for for you know ladies once that
becomes a thing or dudes or fellas then the problem is piano and the reason I
switched from piano to guitar not the real reason I did but for the purpose of
this podcast I'll say it is. I can't carry a piano around to play in the quad to try and get trim.
You can but it's massively unpleasant. It's super fucking heavy and so it's it's hard to be on your
game when you're carrying a two-ton baby grand around yeah hey Griffin what are
you doing I'm trying to get some trim uh why why are you that you're so sweaty
and you you have three moving guys with you. That's the problem though. It's expensive but it
works. Have you thought about keytar? It's like all the beauty of a piano but
with the portability of a guitar. Yeah your eight-year-old should be really
into that. Don't listen to Travis. So hopefully that should help Griffin. You
know what I need. I do. Okay here this one was sent in by Kieran D. Thank you
Kieran D. This one was asked by there's a bug get out of here by Jay Jenkins who
asks wait for the radio for people who are listening later there was a bug
there was a bug it was super big and scary. Griffin wasn't riffing like that
was a there was a bug. Jay Jenkins asks I have two urethras any
information? I noticed this a few days ago but when I used the restroom I peed
two different ways and when I pulled my foreskin back I can't say that I don't
gotta cut that out. When I pulled back and looked at the tip I had two
completely separate urethras. How common is this and are there any advantages to
this? The worst superpower ever. The only thing I can think of is bitching parlor
trick. There are two bad guys we must blind at the same time. I mean we all have that
moment where we're at a bar we've had a few drinks we're trying to show off say
hey look at how far back I can be from the urinal and still make how many
urinals you got. Now we can add a whole other element to it where you can add a
trick shot. Somebody hand me a mirror. God you could win some bar bets though you
know I bet I can you know. I bet you only have one urethra. Rock! Pay up sucker.
Check it. Hi my name is Philip Daniels I'm the most in-demand not in-demand
porn star in the world. They call it the funny shot. There it was. What's up dad?
I actually I did write down one of the answers because it was so great it was
by answer one who said you're telling me you never noticed this well two holes
equals two times the fun. Does it equal two times the fun? Does it? I think it equals
two times the explanation. I think like four or five times the explanation since your
explanation is I have a urethra I think you probably need a little bit more than
that. You look like you have an alien tweener can you please give me a little
bit more. Confirm or deny? Hey can you read me the part about when he noticed?
Well he's 17 it sounds like it's a pretty recent. Bullshit. He pulled his force
back and he looked right at the tip like I guess he'd never I never look like
straight on. I've shit. Wait has anyone in this room ever checked? When was the last
the last head count that you did? Raise your raise. When was the last census you
performed? You man got bifocals? Raise raise your hand if you checked for a
double before. We're going with a spread shot. People at home zero hands. Zero hands for the
record as long as we're keeping track. I don't know if you remember being 14 I
would have noticed to your research. Yeah I probably would have noticed. That's the
first time you really. That's the first time you really. You do some Lewis and Clark like an
expedition. Did you say Lois and Clark? That's exactly what I said. The first time you did some serious Terry Clark Dean Cain action.
Boom! Nailed it. Yeah thank you. I think Terry Hatcher was the reason I first
explored my urethra. Yeah I mean probably. Let's get out of here. Give me another one.
Another one? Another Yahoo? Yeah you know what I mean. Alright this one will take us down a pretty dark path.
Cool cool awesome. This one was also sent in by Jacob Locker. It's by Yahoo
Answers user Megan Curtis who asks why are naked babies socially accepted
though other age nudity is not? Really I've seen advertisements of plenty with
naked babies slash toddlers but why not other ages? It seems stupid.
What advertises is she looking at? Yeah that's. Sunscreen, baby lotion. That's it
right? I don't even think we can see this. Full on full frontal baby nudity.
Like a lot of baby nudity. I don't think it exists in the world. What?
Let's presuppose that it does. Let's presuppose we're living in some sort of dark alternate
reality where every ad features baby nudity. You want to buy this car? Check out this baby wiener.
Check out this sweet naked baby. What's that in the passenger seat? It's a baby and he's naked what's up?
Hey do you like frozen yogurt? Do you like frozen yogurt with naked babies in it?
We got you. Don't even worry about it. I've been sitting here while you guys
were talking trying to think of something less sexy than a naked baby. Like you
don't look at a naked baby and go yeah unless like you've got a date with Chris Hanson in the near future.
Yeah I'm just letting you dangle what's up. It's like a baby wiener. It's an aggressive technique yeah absolutely.
I just don't know how far we can go with this naked baby. You got anything else in there?
Fucking bag of tricks? You fucking psycho pervert? Before I call in the po-po you got anything else in there?
This is one we also found it's I didn't write who asked it. Shit. I'm gonna say Mark.
Thanks Mark. It couldn't have been Mark because the question is what are some good dodgeball names for eighth grade girls?
Could we like save the questions most likely to get us arrested in sort of a Lenny Bruce type fashion like hauled off the stage for indecency? Go ahead Griff.
Me and some of my friends are in a dodgeball tournament for middle school and we need some names. Any ideas?
For your eighth grade? Is it eighth grade dodgeball team or eighth grade individual?
I think it's person to person. Oh you mean like the hammer? The hammer.
The little hammer. Little hammer. The pony obliterator? Eighth grade girls like...
The pony destroyer? Well no no no no. The glue maker. Please welcome to the ring.
We'll talk about destroying ponies all night long. The main boner. But that's what you're going with?
The main boner of dodgeball prowess is she can throw a dodgeball so hard a pony would explode.
I'll fucking blow up a pony. I don't care.
I'm saying we make a portmanteau. First word something that eighth grade girls like.
The second word is like a really intimidating word of like some sort of damage you can inflict with a dodgeball.
Like princess fuck you up. That's what you mean.
I can't get the pony's ass pounding out of my head but I'm holding myself back.
Whoa! Whoa! I know! Out of decency I didn't say it. I mean I said it but I didn't say it.
I guess you're saying how the sausage gets made because this is exactly the kind of shit like naked babies.
Nope. That's gone. Eighth grade. What was it again? I'm not going to say it again.
Likening out the quinticente right out. That's it. The scrap bin.
I think something oddly robotic would be kind of interesting. Like the smashulator.
The smashulator? But you gotta put like... If her name is Smashley it's perfect.
Smashley is really good. Smashley? Uh huh. That is good.
I want to hear Griffin's last question. But first real quick housekeeping.
Happy two year anniversary to Grant and Amanda who for reasons unbeknownst to me.
Hey guys. Happy two year anniversary.
Sweetheart I love you so much. We're going to have a special night tonight.
Hey you know how you always wanted to see three grown men talk about nicknames for eighth grade girl dodgeball players?
Fucking hop in my coupe. We're driving to Chicago.
And also Johnny Wags and Randy Mac drove eight hours from Marquette, Michigan to hey guys.
Which I was impressed with but it's like I drove eight hours so fuck you.
And thanks to Max Fun and Jordan Justigo for having us and letting us open up for them and share this time with you.
Thank you Dan. Thank you Dan. And thank you Dan. And thank you to all of you guys for coming out.
You've been super cool and we really appreciate you sitting here and listening to us
almost talk about child pornography but not exactly talk about it.
Skirting the danger zone is what we do. Skirting the skirts we like to call it. Skirting the little skirts.
Skirting the squirts. Skirting the skirts. My brother, my brother and me skirting the skirts.
Real talk live. Face to face. That's the part.
Nice try Federal Bureau of Investigation. Maybe next time we'll cut the whole nine yards.
Hit me. This final one is a Yahoo question that was written.
It was authored by Yahoo Answers user Ziggy Monkey Bob 2000 who asks,
Is it considered cheating if you have sex with someone telepathically?
I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother and me. Kiss your dad square on the lips. Thank you.
Keep it going for the McElroys. My brother, my brother and me.
Look at those pretty fucks. Yay.
