The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you want it? Just say, hey, I wanna. Just say, hey, I wanna.
Hello, everybody. Welcome, my brother, my brother, and me on the advice show for the
Modron era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I am your middlest brother, and I have been and will always be Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
And folks, we beefed it, didn't we? I will be the first to admit that we beefed it.
And you mean regarding Laughter and Love? Regarding Laughter and Love, thank you, Travis.
Yes, we've gotten some criticism, I think, over our selection of the motto of the tagline,
whatever you want to call it. And I have actually gathered everybody here today for this press
conference to announce my, I can't, I fucking can't believe I'm saying this, my support for
20 Honey Down to Beastness. And this has never happened before in this year, and this is the
run of the show, that we have endorsed a switcheroonie in the middle of the year. Folks,
it's fucking June. We're like halfway through this shit. And I'm suggesting a switcheroonie.
I'm leaning hard into a switcheroonie. Here's the thing about Laughter and Love. It's a good
principle. You should fill it. Fill it right up. Love, especially. Get that in there. It's so
important. Beatles, yes, all about it. But it's a little self-serving, isn't it?
Yep. There's something about Down to Beastness that's like a trumpet declaring like,
let's fucking roll. First, I have two complicating factors. Okay, yes, please. The first is that
I hate to rename the tour this late into the year. Well, good news.
Yeah, I mean, we've got all the tickets printed, got all the fucking shirts with all the stops on
it. Yeah, man. We hired all the Skyriders. And we have the one-act play about Laughter and Love
that we wrote to perform at all of our tour stops. I just hate to rename it at this point.
For sure. That's huge. Number two is, do you remember when all the businesses
had to shut down and a lot of them are still shut down? That's totally for me bumping.
Well, then you can- Go ahead, Trapp.
If I may, as the- You won't.
Okay. The businesses, right? No, no, I'm sorry. I will draw a line in the sand here. Those are
businesses, Justin. Yeah, that's a different thing.
Those are businesses. Businesses are over there. They're making money or not making money,
whatever the case may be. And we love that or we don't.
Or we don't or whatever. I'm talking about Beezness. And Beezness has to do with both
the individual and the hive. So right now, we are all individuals doing our own Beezness,
but also working towards a greater goal as the hive.
A bigger Beezness. A bigger Beezness. A bigger, better Beezness.
And that's important. I think it's also just about, you know how Beez, they go around,
they pick up the pollen and they get it all over themselves and that makes them horny or
something like that. And then they take it back to the hive and they vibrate so violently and
it makes all the pollen go off and then the queen eats it to make honey out of her butt.
I think that down to Beezness recommends like a sort of like shedding, like a vibrating and
getting off complacency. Yeah.
This is fair. This is fair. You know what Beez don't do? They don't rest on their laurels.
They can't. They can't. They're too little. You've complicated this because Beez,
I think at some point it would be beneficial for them to rest on laurels just so the various
pollination things that need to happen. Do you know what I mean? Like resting on laurels
occasionally for them is probably essential. So they probably do rest on laurels.
Let me put it another way then about the Beez. Here's the thing. The Beez,
they're minding their own, if I may, Beezness, right? And if you fuck with them,
you're going to get that sting. You're going to get stung.
That's absolutely wild, Travis. The thing you said to me that they're minding their own business
is absolutely wild. These monstrous things are flying around fucking plants and stinging toddlers
every single day. It is what they are known for. They're making movies about it. They crave it.
They crave interaction with us. They love interfacing with humans so much they made
their jizz taste good. Come on now. It's a trap.
It is, to Justin's point, a literal honeypot. Thank you. Well, perhaps then there was a time,
do you think there was a time where Beez were like, listen, if we poke people with our butts,
we die. We all know that. That is scientific fact. And so we have been reluctant to sting
people with our butts. But the time has come. We need to start stinging people with our butts.
And listen, we were going to leave them alone if they left us alone, but they did not leave us
alone. And we don't want to sting people with our butts. We don't want to. Okay. You did not address
any of my salient points. And this is classic, classic oratory style from you, Travis, to think
that you can get away with this because you have not addressed my chief complaints. They're totally
in our business now. Okay. But I'm saying you're the one who said we take their butt jizz and we
eat it on our toast. We're so far from it, aren't we? What if somebody did that? What if I was making
a sandwich and a giant said, okay, great. And peeled up my roof and scraped that sandwich out
of my house to eat it on his bigger sandwich. And this is a sandwich that you have made from
your own jizz. Well, listen, we don't need to carry it that far. You nasty, nasty boy. I don't
understand why we need to go that far with the metaphor. I'm just saying I work hard to make
a sandwich. You have to work hard if you're going to make a jizz sandwich. Listen, we don't have to
carry the metaphor that far. The metaphor has poisoned this episode so far. This is all I'm
saying. The shit is changing right now. Shit is revolutionary. And it's important to get in there.
It's important to march, support Black Lives Matter, do whatever you can. And I don't want to
be out here with, I'm sorry, my dick in my hand screaming, but also fill your life with laughter
and love. There's just no way. There's just no way. Fight against police brutality, defund the police,
and also while you're at it, here's a cross dish that says fill your life with laughter and love.
No fucking thank you. Doesn't feel right. I just want to, I don't understand the way this works,
where if we have settled on a theme for the year. Yeah. And we, and two of you say let's change it.
Is that just it? Is it a majority vote or is this like? Fuck man, I mean. Because it does raise the
question, if we have the ability to do this, it does raise the question of 2016. We had a cherry
seven weeks there at the tail end where we could have been like, listen, these bridges ain't getting
built. No 2016. We're changing it to 2016. Yeah. Well, I think it is important to note we haven't
finished the second quarter of the year yet, right? So I think we're still, like if you're,
just mathematically, there are still more year left than isn't. So I think we can change it.
I think that after we pass the end of June, we would have missed the window. Yeah. And it's
going to be too tough for us to come up with a third, even more appropriate slogan. Like I think
all three of us can get on the same page there. That's fucking unthinkable. The emotional toll
that goes into slogan generation is like not repeatable. We almost didn't survive the first
time. And maybe, maybe man, God willing, we'll get to a point where maybe we can get back to
focusing on laughter and love, right? Maybe that will be a fourth quarter slogan. 2021. Let's try
again. 2021-y funny. I will grant you this. The speed at which things seem to be moving
currently does make the idea that we could sort of encapsulate 12 months of existence on this
particular plane unthinkable. The height of hubris, honestly. Yeah. I was going to suggest monthly,
but even weekly, let's just say this week. Do you know how wild it is that there have been
several times in the past week to 10 days where I've been talking to someone and been like,
oh, right, there's a global pandemic that's shutting shit. Like that I have to remember
about how the planet is sick. Yeah. Wild, wild times. Are we doing this? I mean, are we doing
this? I'm into it if you guys are, but like, I want to make sure that this is, you can't walk
it back because of what I don't want is like, I've always felt pretty good about punks a tiny
Phil style. We make the call. That's the call. Right. And no one else gets to weigh in on it.
I don't want people to think that this is a sort of, you know, submit ticket and we'll review it to
see if we change the year. No, I think that this is perhaps the most special of circumstances
one could possibly imagine. Special is a fucking word for it. Yeah. We're not going to make a habit
out of this, but we shit our pants. Yeah. We shit our pants. And I don't want to sit in these shitty
pants for 12 months. There's no way. We are now so consistent at getting it wrong. Yeah. That I'm
starting to think next year we should title it, watch your house burn down as your infant daughter
cries. And that way that won't happen to anybody. Like that will guaranteed not happen. Yeah.
Right. I think if we did, we could even make it like 2021. I'm not going to win a brand new
Kia Sorento over a radio contest. And then I, and then it will happen and I will have one,
but I think it is 2020, 20 honey down to business. So yes. Okay. Well, I'm,
I think it's official. Let's call it 2020. Okay. I do have a question. We'll call the press.
You were going to say president. No, let's do that. Let's dial him up.
Um, I, I do want, can we, you can actually call the white house.
You can? I think you could just call the white house.
Well, let's do, I have a few complaints. I'd love to register. Um, I thought it's been pretty
smooth sailing. I disagree. It's been quite bad. Okay. You can write a letter to the president
that takes forever. No, thanks. No sending gifts. Why would I do that? I don't even like the fella.
Oh, come on. Uh, okay. Comments. The, okay. I have the number to call the white house with comments.
Oh boy. I guess the white house. Can you dial them in on Skype and we'll just let them know
we're changing the year. Um, I'll just, I'll just do, uh, speakerphone. Will that work?
Yes. That's good. Will you hear all of us or? Well, Justin, you could speak for, as the eldest,
I'll let you speak for us. I'll speak for you guys. Yeah. You can hear, you'll be able to hear
them and we can do it like a, like a funny Ellen show thing where like we tell you what you have
to say. No, I don't think I'll probably do that. That'd be really cool. Okay. Uh, everybody shut
up. Call the president right now. Okay. Tell him to eat shit. Also say that if it comes up.
Thank you for calling the white house comment line. The office is temporarily closed.
Your comment is important to president Donald J. Trump. If you'd like to send a message to
the president, please visit our website at www.whitehouse.gov forward slash contact podcast
line to learn more special podcast line information. Podcast updates podcast. Your
slogan changes forward slash Corona virus forward slash how podcast podcast information podcast.gov
leave a message from a podcast. Okay. Well they just now how exciting a day was it? Do you think
for the Trump administration when they realized they could just close the comment office? Oh wait,
we don't want to listen to what anybody says. Nobody seems to dig it. We could just close it.
Oh yeah. Do that. Hey, should I just tweet at him? No, no, that's not it. Listen, I'm on the
website address that they did tell us to go to on the phone. So I'm just going to let them know.
Hey, we're changing the slogan to the business one. Also suck the farts right out of the bottom
of my shorts. You fucking dipshit. And I'm going to send that right now. Okay. Oh, it needs a valid
phone number. Uh, juice, can I put yours? Oh, do we start the Google number? Do we start the,
my brother, it's fine. I submit it. I just typed in eight a bunch of times. So if that is your phone
number, I apologize. So should we do the show now? This is the show. Look around you. This is show.
It's strange to be doing this show in the midst of these, of these challenging times,
but we hope you all are, uh, are doing well and keeping safe and staying involved and getting it
down to fucking business. Doesn't that feel right? Okay. But here's one question. Is it retroactive
or was this year themed failure, fling after in love, and then changed on June? We have to
acknowledge the change. Like there's no way we can sweep that. We're not trying to gas.
Unless we're going to go back and edit a bunch of podcasts, which we're too lazy to do.
Yeah. There's no way. Okay. Now we have started, let me just say for future,
we have started doing dynamic ads on the adventure zone. What if we started doing dynamic
year themes? That could be fun. That's smart. Very smart. Sadly, I had to move out of my apartment
last month. While moving out, I was carrying a blender to my car when I passed my landlord who
said, wow, you really liked that blender, huh? I was confused and just replied, yep. Now a month
later, it's only just occurred to me, this is not my blender and is actually my landlord said he
lent to us. Should I give it back? It's been so long and I actually do really like this blender.
That's from Blender Burglar in BC. Hachi Machi. Hachi. That's it is, wow. Wow. That's rough.
Many thoughts. Oh, good. Let's enumerate them for us middle brother. First broad thought,
just to address one thing right there in the middle. It's been so long. I do not know if you
take something from someone that there's a length of time. I think we might have discussed this
before. There's not a length of time that you own it before it is not stolen anymore.
No, it's always stolen, yes. It's always stolen. That said, there does seem to be an implied,
like the landlord said, you must really like that blender and not, hey, give me my fucking blender
back. Well, I mean, I feel like, wow, you really like that blender, huh? Got the job done for 99%
of people who heard it. Most people who hear that would have the fucking neuron fire in their brain
that would go like, oh fuck, I stole this. This is a very special edge case where they're like,
wow, what a great blender compliment, which does not exist. Can you imagine what went through that
landlord's head when you just replied, yep. What's your relationship with your landlord like where
you're like, damn, we got a lot of frozen strawberries and some yogurt and some almond
milk. Let's make some fucking strawberry smoothies up in this shit. Uh oh, we don't have a blender.
It's cool. I know a guy. It's my landlord. I'll just go hit them up for a blender really quick.
What? It is, yeah, okay. I want to go back. I need to flash back to the inception of this.
Did you think that you would go to your landlord and say, do you have a spare blender? And anyone
would say, yes, I do have a spare blender. That's wild already. How did that even come up in
conversation? Because everybody's got the one blender that they use. Did it come with the
apartment? Because if so, there are many things that come with the apartment that you can't take
with you. So your insane landlord was like, hey, look, better yet, this place is furnished and it's
just one blender on the counter. It is possible that maybe the landlord just got married and so
they do have a lot of blenders. Oh. Or it could just be that they- Fucking inverse though,
inverse though. Your landlord comes down, knocks on your door. Hey, random shot in the dark,
y'all don't need a blender, do you? Because I got a spare. And I'm just going door to door asking
if anyone needs a blender. You say that, my man, but I've had a lot of landlords and at least two
of them would have done that. Yeah. I had a landlord that would come by often and just knock
and be like, do you guys need anything? Because they managed a bunch of properties and people
would leave stuff places. And then they'd be like, somebody left a microwave, do you guys,
what's your microwave situation like? And it's like, I don't know. They were weirdly involved
in our whole deal. They came and were like, do you want me to plant tomatoes for you?
And I was like, no, they'll die. I'm not going to care for those things.
If anyone, if this person needed a blender, if they were kind of a blender person,
and everybody knows, they would, they have to have replaced it by this point. And at that,
then what you're doing, if you try to return it, what you're doing is like,
you have two blenders now. This is your problem. It's a victimless crime. Now, let me say real
quick, the person- That it's not a victimless crime.
The person, well, the person- No, by definition, we know,
Griffin, we in fact know who the victim is that is described in the question.
Let me just say this though. Let me get this out there. Knowing landlords,
and every landlord I've ever had, and every landlord that exists on the planet, I bet if
you close your eyes and think real hard, you could think of some way, some thing they have done that
you can now frame this act as one of justice and frame yourself like the Scarlet Pimpernel
liberating blenders from crooked landlords all across this great nation of ours.
Mm. Whether it's a disagreement about security deposit or they yelled at you because you're
playing rock band too loud, whatever the fuck it is, I think you probably could come up with
some justification for this. Yes? Now, I do have a solution. If you are just
ed up with guilt and you need to return this blender, but you don't want to do it face to
face or anything that acknowledges that you mindfully took this blender, I'm going to give
you three words. Brave little toaster. You need to do a job to make it seem like the blender has
escaped your house and made it back to the landlord's house, the landlord that they love so
much that maybe it's a blender and like a little radio and maybe an electric blanket and a desk
lamp and they have all made it back to see the landlord master, which by the way, in that show,
they called the guy master. It's very weird. It's not great.
But now the brave little blender has returned and hey, so there's a second brave little toaster
movie. Is this going somewhere? It is. But there's another sequel to brave little toaster where the
brave little toaster and friends are able to communicate with animals. And now this crosses
into a lot of questionable kind of science where I can accept that the toaster and the radio and
the lamp and the vacuum and the electric blanket can all talk to each other, but now they can also
talk to monkeys and dogs and cats and like mice and rats. This fucking unhinged screed that you
have deviated. It was like you just did a magic trick to me, Travis, because I don't know where
it fucking flipped. It's hard enough to wrap my mind around the fact that cats and dogs and rats
and stuff can communicate. Don't get me wrong. Your protests against this movie franchise are
well understood. And there's a lot of meat there for us to dig our teeth into. They went to fucking
Mars at one point. They flew there on a ceiling fan. Get fucking real, brave little toaster. We're
out here trying to do stuff. But also, Travis, ostensibly, this is an advice show. And we were
talking about a thing and you turned it into a- Yeah, but we finished that. And I want to talk
about brave little toaster. Okay, interesting. How does a brave little toaster talk to a dog?
Please. With fucking magic. Why is it alive? It shouldn't be alive. All toasters are dead.
If the master sees the brave little toaster move, does the brave little toaster die?
All toasters, ceiling fans, electric blankets are dead. Next question.
I have an additional question. If the brave little toaster dies, is it then just a toaster?
Good question. Well, you would think that if it dies, it ceases to make toast, right?
Okay. Because if my body dies, I don't keep making things with my body, right?
Well, then again, some people do evacuate their bowels after death, so maybe.
Let's stop it. Stop it.
If he dies, you get one last good toast out of his face.
Okay. If he dies from toast, he goes and finishes up.
He does get one more toast. From radiant heat.
Let's put a button on it. Here's what to do to get out of this situation.
Nothing. Fucking chill on the smooth tip. You're good. Free toaster. Enjoy.
Here's a Yahoo that was sent in by Graham Roebuck. It was a blender. The toaster was the whole-
Fuck. You fucking ruined me, Travis.
It's from anonymous Yahoo Answers user, who I am going to call the brave little toaster,
who asks how to make iPod.
I've been getting into crafts, and I think we're all into crafts these days,
just sort of to keep ourselves busy during this quarantine.
I've been doing hard candy, juice. I know you built a wood bench,
which is so fucking off brand.
My brand has gotten pretty fucked up lately.
I think all of our brands are fucked up. I did sourdough.
Travis is doing sourdough. The brands are toast.
I was eyeing different kinds of jigsaw blades last night.
Fantasizing about owning a lighter array.
You got a Sawzall? Sawzall will make you feel powerful.
Okay, we can't. We can't. We fucking can't.
But how do you make an iPod? Because that would be pretty cool if you could just do that.
Like people are going to Apple stores, I guess, and spending a bunch of money on things.
And it would be cool, like a nice cost-saving measure,
if you could just make an iPod at home.
So I'm wondering if we could have, we're all pretty crafty.
I don't know how making hard candy is going to be helpful.
Well, you can make a candy iPod.
I guess you could, huh?
Yeah.
Justin, are you Googling how to make a-
Not a functional one. I mean, by the definition.
Well, what's functional? You know, like place music. Oh.
That's a good, actually, that's a great metric for iPod.
That's a great metric. When I'm judging iPod,
I like to look at it and see if it can play some of my favorite tunes.
That's fair. Okay, that is a good point.
Now what about like an iPod Touch? iPod Touch will do a bunch of different things,
not just music at that point.
What if you got an iPhone and then removed the SIM card?
Now you've got an iPod.
That's one way of going about it. I will give you that one, Travis.
It would have to be a pretty old iPhone.
Nope, you can still connect it to Wi-Fi. That's nothing.
I want to make a fucking iPod, Travis.
Okay.
I want to make an iPod that I can listen to-
I want to listen to Twenty One Pilots, my very favorite band on it.
So it's got to be an iPod.
Here's the loophole. I've just figured out the loophole.
Okay.
Does it have to be iPod-sized?
Where the fuck are you going with this?
Well, if I could build like a big box,
you could probably go around your house and find like a Walkman
that you've got and like an old camera and a bunch of stuff.
And if I can make it like two foot by four foot,
I could probably like attach all those things in there.
This is Travis's iPod.
This is my iPod.
A lot of people are talking about form factor, the smooth bevel.
Fuck that. This is Travis's iPod.
It's got all kinds of technology in there.
It weighs 130 pounds.
Is it made of cardboard? Yes.
Is there a button on it that I drew on it with marker
that when you press it, you reach your hand inside
and you grab some fruit snacks I hid in there?
Also, yes, but your phone can't fucking do that.
This is Travis's iPod.
I call that Fruit Ninja.
This is a fun bit.
Justin, you've been furiously Googling something.
I would love to know what it was.
I'm not Googling anything.
If we could have made an iPod out of the primitive materials
and tools and crafts that we as a species have possessed
for millennia, we would have done it, right?
We would have done it.
We didn't have the things that we needed,
the different things that are in it.
Do you know what I'm saying right now?
There's a hole for the earplugs that does the click.
You're not going to do that on your iPod.
Yeah, but here's the thing, Justin.
You're not even going to do the one whole part.
Steve Jobs made an iPod by himself.
Yes, but I'm not saying he would make the iPod now,
but he made the first iPod with stuff around his house.
It would be so fucking cherry if Steve Jobs was alive
so you could get it and be like,
all right, all right, big man.
You think you're so cool?
Build another one with just the things in my house.
It's a fun new clue.
This week on Junkyard Wars,
we have to take apart my fucking speak and spell
and turn it into a functioning iPod, Steve.
I think I could make an iPod.
I think Travis could make an iPod.
In what sense would it be an iPod?
Well, it would function as an iPod.
Now, here's what I would need.
Here are the parts I would need.
Some other iPods.
This is, no, I won't accept that.
No, no, no, listen, hear me out.
One to take apart to see how it works.
Okay, a burn.
And one to listen to music while I build the other one.
Because I don't want to sit there in silence
while I build a new iPod.
Yeah, and it is the only way to listen to music.
What are you going to do?
Have the band 21 Pilots come to your house
and rock for you while you build it?
What if that's the new iPod?
We just take it into the meat space.
And what it is is you just have a bunch of bands
living in your house, a bunch of musicians.
That's good for the global pandemic.
Go ahead, Trav, and keep saying this.
And then I just yell out loud,
I want to hear 3 a.m.
And Matchbox 20 comes down and plays the songs 3 a.m.
Or I yell like, I want to hear Bent.
And Matchbox 20 comes down and plays Bent.
What?
It sounds like you just kind of want to live with Matchbox 20.
And I'm not even sure Matchbox 20 wants to live with Matchbox 20, Trav.
Well, okay, fine.
Then it's just, oh no, Rob Johnson.
In that millisecond, you cease to be Travis Mako.
In that like second and a half, you were-
I don't even think that's his name.
You were Todd Burnsley or something like that.
You were not Travis Mako in that second and a half.
Rob Thomas.
What did you say?
I said Rob Johnson, which I think was a local news anchor.
Yeah, WSAC's own Rob Johnson, who once helped us get a kite out of a tree.
Thank you, Rob, if you're listening.
Rob Johnson does listen sometimes.
Rob Johnson did come to a show in Indianapolis once.
He is a morning news anchor for WSAC who once helped us get a kite out of a tree.
If you would, please tweet at WSAC Rob Johnson
and thank him for getting the McElroy brothers kite out of the tree that one time.
It was a badass kite.
And then tweet at Rob Thomas and see if he would like to live with me.
Yeah, Trav's been looking for a roommate.
He's been looking to expand the circle a little bit
and he knows Rob Thomas has been locking it the fuck up.
And I will name the room that he lives in the iPod.
I'm just looking at Rob Johnson's Twitter feed
to make sure everything is fine.
How we looking, how we looking, Rob?
In 2020, everything's doing good.
It's all local news stories.
I will say there's a tweet from June 4th where he says,
WSAC and the CW are both having serious technical difficulties right now.
Not sure what's happening.
Our engineers are working on it.
So I guess Rob has been out of the reporting game for a little bit
since he can't get to the bottom of the case
of what's happening at the radio of the TV station he works at.
Rob, you get back on your grind,
but I do appreciate you getting the kite out of the tree.
Thank you for that.
Fuck.
No, I want him to know I appreciate him.
He'll get a kick out of that.
Okay.
He'll get a big kick out of it.
I went actually, as long as we're just telling stories
of the impact of living here in Huntington, West Virginia.
Were we?
Yeah, because I was talking about Rob Johnson.
And I went into Jolly Pirate Donuts on Saturday
and the owner's son was there at the counter
and he said, my dad loved when you guys talked about his Facebook
posting, but my mom thought maybe you were making fun of him.
I said, I'm not making fun of him.
He put no baby beats the old man on the Facebook page
next to a picture of donuts he made.
And he continues to put up dope shit constantly.
It's a premium follow if you haven't gotten on board
with Jolly Pirate Donuts Facebook page yet.
I said, no, don't change a thing.
Please, I'm begging you.
But his dad is now a big fan, even though he couldn't tell
if we're making fun of him or not.
So I want to clarify, no baby beats the old man
and your donuts are so on point.
They're so, so good.
Thank you.
And if you're in there already, get a Euro.
They're delicious.
Real quick, before we go to the money zone,
we are going to be donating our ad revenue
for the rest of June to various causes
that are supporting Black Lives Matter,
fighting against police brutality, supporting
Black neighborhoods and Black voices.
And we encourage you to do the same.
Things are changing in the light of these protests,
mostly for the better.
And that is extremely encouraging, but stay active.
And so, yeah, this week we are donating our ad revenue
to Black Lives Matter National.
We'll be tweeting out links.
Obviously, they are at the forefront of this cause.
And have been for as long as Black Lives Matter
has been around.
So yeah, we'll have links out for you to support them.
But the ads you're about to hear
are going to go directly to them.
So with that said, let's go to the fricking money zone.
I mean, you still got to send letters, don't you?
You still got to send packages.
You still got to send parcels and boxes and envelopes
and all kinds of things, don't you?
What about sacks of stuff?
Sacks of stuff, thank you, Travis.
You need to send all this stuff, but what are you going to do?
Fan mail.
Yeah, what are you going to do?
Go to the post office where there's a bunch of crowds
and expose yourself potentially to COVID-19?
No, thank you.
No, listen, I need to send these fan mails,
but I don't want to get the COVIDs because of the fan mails.
So stamps.com is here to help you out.
It brings all the services of the US Postal Service
right to your home, your office,
wherever you're hunkering down right now.
You just use your computer
and you're going to print out US postage
for any letter, any package, any class of mail anywhere
you want to send it.
And then you just leave it for your mail carrier
or schedule a free package pickup
or drop it in a mailbox or whatever.
And also with stamps.com, you're going to get great discounts,
five cents off every first class stamp
and up to 62% off shipping rates.
That's so many fricking percents.
It's more than half.
Anyway, right now our listeners can get a special offer
that includes a four-week trial plus free postage
and a digital scale without any long-term commitment.
Just go to stamps.com,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in my brother, all one word.
That's stamps.com, enter my brother.
Stay safe, my friends.
When I'm listening to my Rob Thomas beat,
Rob Thomas solo work, Rob Thomas and Carlos Santana,
Rob Thomas and Matchbox 20 or whatever,
I know that not everybody wants to hear
the musical stylings of Rob Thomas.
Some people, their hearts are hardened.
And when that happens, I'm going to put on my headphones.
Now I know what you're wondering.
Big clunky headphones with wires that get caught on?
No.
Well, that's what I wear.
I'm nerd dingus.
You're a nerd dingus.
I'm going to wear cool wireless earbuds
and here's the thing, they're comfortable.
Oh, and now I know what else you're thinking.
Oh, are you going to spend hundreds of dollars on a piece?
Wow.
No, grow up.
I'm talking about Raycon earbuds.
They start at about half the price
of any other premium wireless earbuds on the market
and they sound just as amazing as other top audio brands.
Their newest model, the Everyday E25 earbuds,
offer six hours of playtime, seamless Bluetooth pairing,
more bass and a more compact design
that gives you a nice noise isolating fit.
And like I said, they're very comfortable.
Sometimes with the earbuds, they fall out on my ears.
There it is, I said it.
They fall out on my ears, they're uncomfortable.
I had, I was wearing the earbuds,
I was doing the dishes, fell right out.
Fell right out into the dishwasher.
I'm going to barf, Trav, that sucks, man.
But now with Raycon, it fits comfortably and it's in there.
And they cost less, so if they fall in,
you're like, fuck it, fire up the disposal by another one.
This is what I'm saying.
So now's the time to get the latest and greatest from Raycon.
Get 15% off your order at buyraycon.com slash my brother.
That's buyraycon, R-A-Y-C-O-N.com slash my brother
for 15% off Raycon wireless earbuds,
buyraycon.com slash my brother.
Every day, statistics show that at least one new website
enters the internet.
And when you see it and you're like, whoa, another one,
where, who is making these?
And maybe it's a website from a furniture maker
or a sports team or an athlete, spa, nutritionist,
restaurant, artist, architects, whatever.
Whoever the website is from, you're like,
how did they make a website?
Because this isn't a website for a website maker.
That can be very confusing.
But there's a good chance that they're harnessing
the power of Squarespace to make their dreams into reality.
Squarespace helps you to make a beautiful website
that can showcase your work, sell your products and services,
promote your physical or online business.
And it's all with beautiful customizable templates
created by world-class designers.
And there's free and secure hosting
and nothing to patch or upgrade ever.
So if you want to get going, get your ideas out there,
you don't have to be a web designer
to have a great looking website.
You just need Squarespace.
So go to squarespace.com slash my brother
for a free trial.
And when you're ready to launch, use the offer code
mybrother to save 10% off your first purchase
of a website or a domain.
I'm just real quick, Justin, just checking in.
If I am a web designer, can I still use Squarespace?
Yeah, I honestly felt like that was really hostile
towards web designers.
Yeah, I'm just wondering if I am a web designer,
am I still allowed to use it?
Like you really pulled their pants down
and showed their ass to everybody.
I left when you guys started this to go use Squarespace.
Okay, I guess I'm just wondering,
I guess I'm just wondering because I'd like to,
I'd still like to use it if I could.
And as you know, I went to web designer college
and got really good at web designing.
And are you just saying that he's a dipshit now, I guess?
Yeah, it kind of seemed like you thought
my whole web designer degree was like a fart.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
Do I hear a little puppers barking in the background?
Yeah, it's because she's a web designer too.
Tell me about that puppers toe beads.
Hey, I'm Jared Hill, co-host of the brand new
Maximum Fun podcast, Fantai.
And I'm Travelle Anderson.
I'm the other more fabulous co-host.
And the reason you really should be tuning in.
I feel the nausea rising.
To be Fantai is to be a big fan of something,
but also have some challenging or anti-feelings toward it.
Kind of like Kanye.
We're all fans of Kanye.
He's a musical genius, but like, you know.
He thinks slavery is a choice.
Or like the real Housewives of Atlanta.
Like I love the drama, but do I want to see Black women?
I love the drama, but do I want to see Black women
fighting each other on screen?
We're tackling all of those complex
and complicated conversations about the people,
places and things that we love.
Even though they may not love us back.
Fantai, Maximum Fun podcast.
Do you have a munch quad or anything like that?
I'd love to do that for you, Griffin.
Uh, Griff, do you have a Yahoo?
Well, now hold on.
This seems, it's not, yeah, this is the worst trap.
It's like if, if, if, if Charlie Brown said to Lucy,
Hey, do you want to play the, are you going to pull the football away?
She was like, yeah, I'm going to pull the football away.
Do you want to come kick this football?
All right, nevermind.
I'll do Yahoo.
All right, coward.
I want to munch squad.
Justin has a munch squad to do.
Okay.
That went in a sort of Southern rock direction.
I love that fucking Molly Hatch up in here.
Hey, this is a retro munch squad as brands
continue to, for some cowardly reason,
continue to not announce new products.
The one exception is, I do have to point out,
in the last literally two weeks,
the one exception is June 8th.
Today, checkers and rallies like,
like opened the door, a crack to the room of people and said,
Hey, we're introducing a mother cruncher chicken sandwich.
Sorry.
Okay.
That's it.
It's stupid.
Nevermind.
It's stupid.
It's stupid.
Nevermind.
It's stupid.
It's just, it's just an indulgent,
craveable menu item.
And we, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It's stupid.
There's obviously more important stuff.
Just fucking forget about it.
We'll take it off.
We got it.
We just, our fries, our fries have been consistently deemed
the most craveable boy in the media.
But it's just stupid.
It's stupid.
It's so stupid.
I don't even know why I'm doing this.
I'll leave.
I'll leave.
I'm sorry.
We did checkerize the menu item though.
Get it.
The TLC needed for the perfect crunch and ideal toppings
and signature squawk sauce.
But the mother cruncher is stupid.
I feel stupid.
You would call it the mother cruncher.
It's like, dumb.
I'm going to leave.
It's got onion rings on it.
I'm going.
I'm going.
I'm going to leave.
Red, ripe tomato, pickles.
No, but okay.
So this one is, I enjoyed very much.
But it does require a little bit of setup
because it is from Canada.
Ryan sent us this way.
And booster juice is like a juice chain.
Wow.
Okay.
So I'm telling you that now.
It's like where you can go in and buy juice for a smoothie
or whatever.
Got it?
Yeah.
Okay.
Because the rest of this is so confusing
that I need you to have a point.
This is your constant, okay?
That booster juice is a chain that sells juice.
Do you understand this constant?
Yeah.
I'm tying my belt onto that pipe.
Like at the end of Twister.
Tie your belt on that pipe.
Dale Wishawan, president and CEO of booster juice,
announced the launch of booster juice game studios
at the fit and fun zone grand opening in Toronto.
He confirmed the newly formed game studio
will feature several new and highly anticipated games.
Consist now, how are they highly anticipated
at before he announces them?
No one knows.
They're consisting of mind challenges,
2D retro games and an interactive Microsoft kinetic,
not anything, body motion detection games
developed by bat.ca game studio.
These tiles be made available exclusively
at the Toronto Pearson international airport
in the booster juice fit and fun zone.
Wow.
Fuck yeah, dude, I love mind puzzles.
I love mind puzzles.
So you're telling me I can go get some
like powerful fruit juices
and also have a kinetic body experience
while I solve a mind puzzle?
And you have to be in the airport.
I don't know if you got that too.
I mean, I'd buy me a ticket to anywhere, baby.
I gotta get to this fucking booster juice.
Hey, Jimmy, where do you wanna have
your birthday party this year?
Oh, at the booster juice in the airport.
At the booster juice in the airport.
The grand opening event launched a new store concept
for booster juice,
who transformed a passenger waiting area
into a vibrant and interactive destination for commuters.
The fit and fun zone was designed to embrace
the booster juice lifestyle,
offering nutritious and delicious smoothies,
freshly squeezed juices, grilled food,
grab and go items.
In addition to dynamic concept
that extends beyond the store
to feature interactive large format games.
The games are created to offer travelers
the opportunity to stay active while on the go.
Well, I do have to go to the airport
to wait for a flight,
but the good news is that I can play
some huge interactive games at the juice store.
So let me get this straight.
You're flying from LA to Seattle.
Yes, that's correct.
And you want to connect in Toronto.
Yes, absolutely.
It is imperative.
You don't understand.
I've made it to level three.
I really think this is,
I'm making it to level four on this trip.
They've got a new mind challenge.
We're truly, truly excited about the grand opening
of our fourth location at the Pearson airport,
said Dale Wishwan.
Our team is dedicated to pushing the envelope
when it comes to store design.
So working with them,
working with the GTAA on the concept
and Raul Bott on the loose of booster juice game studios
has been fantastic.
These games can be enjoyed by individuals
of all ages and skill levels.
So we hope people enjoy them as much as we do.
Do you think that there's like an employee
at that booster juice that when they came in
and they started like setting up these games
that they probably have poured a lot of money into
to design their own games and install it,
that there was an employee who was like,
I have an old N64 that I could bring in
if you guys just want,
you know that there are like other games,
there are games I could bring in games.
Do you guys want games?
At Toronto Pearson,
we strive to provide our passengers
with excellent food and dining choices
and this all new interactive booster juice location
in terminal three provides a fun and engaging experience
for passengers of all ages,
said Scott Collier,
vice president of customer and terminal services.
We're proud to be the home
of the first and only booster juice
fit and fun zone in the world.
The thing that is so fucking wild to me about this,
there is no store at the airport
that needs to like broadcast its marketing message
more than a 30 foot radius around itself, right?
Am I gonna go to that booster juicer?
No, I'll just go get a fucking Coke at the Burger King
because it's actually five steps closer
because I'm at the airport and I don't give a shit.
So here's some game descriptions.
Cool.
The motion game immerses players
in an intense and cinematic world,
enabling players to use their body
for the hyper realistic dynamic
and interactive environment.
Booster Juice Surf places the cool you in board shorts
riding, this is fucking like meme guard,
hold on, nonsense.
Someone is shit posting in the middle of this press release.
Booster Juice Surf places the cool you,
that's in quotes, cool you in board shorts,
riding a branded surfboard in the center of a giant wave.
Points accumulate as you avoid dolphins and buoys
while trying to keep your balance.
What, hold on, I'm still back on the meme board shorts
and you just introduce there's dolphins trying to get me.
How are you putting the board shorts on me?
That's not how like virtual anything works.
Juice Bar Jumper is a 2D running style game
and closely resembles the recognizable booster juice stores.
What the fuck?
So I'm running inside the, wait.
Okay, now see, I'm still back on the dolphins.
It says on the rules on the door of every booster juice
that you're not allowed to run in there.
So this is setting a bad example.
This gets so wild, y'all.
With incredibly cute illustrations
and a suspenseful storyline,
a strawberry speedily whiffs across the countertops,
earning extra points upon collecting yummy blueberries.
As time passes, the difficulty increases.
I fucking heard that.
Oh boy.
In another 2D game, that same superstar character,
a strawberry with a dashing smile,
rides a booster juice cup like a rocket
with fruits firing out instead of flames.
He flies through the skies, avoiding evil candy,
collecting tasty fruit and racking up the points.
I'm not making this next part up.
The third game unravels a darker,
more riveting plot involving the destiny of the strawberry.
Get the fuck out.
This is a uniquely styled intense game
with challenges above and below.
Above and below means?
Below like in heaven and hell, I guess it means.
With challenges above and below
where the player has to double tap
to slip in between terrifying blenders.
In these vibrantly drawn worlds,
players must use a variety of skills to survive and gain points.
Oh Jesus.
This reads like the person writing it
was being told about the existence of video games
via telegraph through time travel.
Like they were just getting bleeps and bloops
of a portal opening and closing.
Additional games were also designed to challenge your mind.
These puzzles are formulated to make you think
as you match fruit and test your reflexes.
Certainly, the gameplay experience is enhanced
while sipping one of booster juice's delicious smoothies.
I like how that certainly is like an afterthought.
Like, you should get the juice too.
And the juice helps.
I gotta get these games.
I know E3 is fucking canceled this year
and that's the right call,
but I've been hurting for games.
So I do need to get up to the Toronto airport.
Yeah, so anyway.
Wait, when is this article from?
2016, it may still be there.
It's probably still there.
I hope it's still there.
Can I do another Yahoo?
Yeah, I'd love that.
This one was sent out by Emma Kant
and it's a real noodle scratcher.
It's from Renan's Mama's Yahoo Answers user
who I'm gonna call Davey asks,
why do people like snails but discriminate slugs
when it's the same person?
A snail is just a slug wearing a shell.
Without Googling, do the three of us
agree with that statement or disagree?
Is this snail a slug?
With a shell.
Now, do you mean literally?
Do you mean literally?
Like if I pull the shell off of a snail,
does it become a slug?
Or do you mean like are they closely related?
Why do you wanna pull a shell off a snail,
you fucking weirdo?
I wouldn't, but I'm saying,
is that what you're saying?
You just said you wanted to,
you fucking dirty weirdo.
I said if I did.
I feel like snails have little suction cups
at the bottom of them and slugs don't.
Okay.
That is my, and I think that
they're probably very closely related.
And I bet if a slug sees a snail,
he's like, oh shit, that looks cool.
That fucking looks nice.
I love that when salt starts pouring out on me.
Oh, you think the slug's jealous of the snail?
Obviously.
I would go the other way
because the snail has to drag that shit on its back.
Yeah, but when the salt starts flying.
You got a little hidey hole.
Yeah, but like a slug is like a top-down convertible
compared to a snail.
Let's ask this question.
And nobody's asking this question.
We may be the first podcast to ever ask this question.
Where are these snails getting these fucking shells?
I live in Texas.
I live in the heart of Texas.
We are not close to the ocean.
So where are they getting these fucking shells from?
I remember learning that like hermit crabs and stuff,
like they will like, if they get too big,
they will get a bigger shell
and then another hermit crab will come along,
like any kind of crab and take the smaller shell,
but it's big for it.
You know what I mean?
And keep trading up
and they'll all hang out together
and like trade out shells.
But where'd that fucking biggest shell come from?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Or more importantly-
What about the first shell?
Where is the first shell?
I live in the middle of Texas,
not close to a beach,
but there's snails all over my fence.
There's gotta be people like going to the store
buying a big bag of empty snail shells.
Of little shells and dumping them all over the place.
I do think snails are cool and cute
and I like them.
And I do think slugs are the worst.
And I'm wondering,
I think it might just be because the slug is naked
and it looks like he's trying to be salacious a little bit.
Whereas a snail-
Not a great name.
Slug, yeah.
The name slug is bad,
but-
It's got ug right in there.
It's got ug right in there.
And I honestly,
the slug,
I feel like there's just more touchable surface on it
that I don't want.
And a snail is like,
I could pick that up and not,
and have it not ruin my day.
But the slug, fucking no way.
Forget about it.
Well, maybe that,
maybe it's the handle then.
Because of the snail,
you're like,
I know exactly where to grab.
If I need to pick that up,
nature has given it a grip for me to pick up.
There was like a potholder for the snail.
Hey, where do they get those fucking shells though?
Where do they get the shells?
Do they make it?
That's the wildest,
there's no way that they make that.
I wish there was some way to find this information.
Snail shells.
It's so hard.
It's really frustrating to me.
Hey Jeeves.
No, you're not getting,
don't search this.
I don't want these snail shells come from.
If anyone ever tweets to me
about the reality about snails,
you're sitting at home like,
I'm getting so mad.
I know this.
Don't tell me.
I don't want to know.
I want to live in ignorance about this one.
Let me have this little bit of magic.
All right, please.
Is it possible snails are just kind of carrying
the same shells
across the country, right?
And so like a snail carries a shell
to Lubbock and then beefs it.
And then a snail is like,
don't worry brother,
I got it from here.
I'll get this shell home.
Do you know what I mean?
It's sort of a shell shipping line.
Are they all rentals?
Maybe.
What do you mean by that?
You rent them at the shell store
and then you keep them as long as you want.
Okay.
And then once they're worn out,
you take them back in and get a brand new shell.
No, Justin, that's silly.
That's a lease.
That's what you're talking about.
They're leased.
They've leased the shells.
No, that implies that they could own them at a certain point.
No, they're not leased to own.
They're just leased.
They have to return them every three years
to the shell station.
What is the difference between renting and leasing?
I actually don't know this.
Don't tell me.
Yep.
Leave that magic for Justin.
What's it?
Leave the magic for me about leasing and renting.
Can you expand a little bit more on snail store?
Like the idea, and I'm not even wondering about like
where they secure a brick and mortar, a little one.
Cause like I imagine they could do it
in like a toadstool or some shit that they-
No, it's a bigger shell that they go into.
I think it's just the idea of snails having commerce
that is, I'm struggling with right now, Juicer.
Do you think it's just snails?
Cause I would say turtles probably also need to like shop.
No, the turtle, I saw a fucked up picture
of an x-ray of a turtle.
Folks, there's nothing inside there.
That is the weird part.
The shell is the turtle.
It is wild.
It is disappointing to learn that there's not
like furniture and stuff in there.
We hope you've enjoyed yourself listening
to my brother, my brother, me and advice show
for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
Wait, what?
This is not what we-
Oh no, we've started again.
We don't walk it backwards.
What are you doing?
We forgot I knew.
We've never done that.
I want to say thank you to John Roderick
and the Long Winters for these are our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed
which you should go check out immediately.
And other things you should check out immediately
are the great podcasts on MaximumFun.org
including Minority Corner.
Again, huge thank you to James for allowing us
to do a feed drop last week in lieu
of one of our regular episodes.
I also want to shout out Fantai, which Jarrett
and Travelle allowed us on Wonderful, another podcast I do
to do a feed drop of their most recent episode
which I highly encourage everyone to go listen to
because it is illuminating and brilliant
and all about sort of what the country is going through
right now and has been going through
for a very, very long time.
So go check that out also.
And along those same lines, reminder,
we'll be tweeting the links to Black Lives Matter's national
seeing donate there and also go to macroemerch.com.
We have a couple of new things there
but the one I'm really excited to tell you about
is the Phantasmal and Resplendent pin
as well as the Good Out Here T-shirt.
Both of those are Adventure Zone references.
That's another podcast we do
that hopefully you also know about
and the proceeds from those are gonna go
to the Trevor Project, which is another great organization
that you should consider donating to.
And let's see, we said we're gonna check out
Maximum Fun Shows, pre-order The Adventure Zone
graphic novel book three.
If you haven't yet, theadventurezonecomic.com.
Shit, that comes out soon, huh?
Yeah, like a month, like a month from now.
We should finish it.
Oh, yeah.
We should probably start it.
I'll start drawing with my crayons.
Okay.
Thanks for listening.
Griffin, do you have a final Yahoo for us?
I do have a final Yahoo.
This one was sent in by a bunch of folks.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Gaga who asks,
can I name my band Radiohead 2?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
