The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better
It's better it's better
Better it's better
Hello
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middlest brother Travis big dog with whoof McElroy, and I'm your sweet baby brother
Griffin snubbed at the Emmys once again McElroy
This was my this was my year with my show for Fred
Jasso, yeah. Yeah, how is Fred Jasso handling the loss?
Fred Jasso is pretty sad
My boy dates and could a kiss is pretty hard torn up about it because he had a he had a star turn
Yeah as Fred Jasso
I'm gonna tell you the thing it's most is pointing Griffin if I'm a yeah
Fred Jasso came out two months before that other one and nobody's talking about it. It's bullshit
It's bullshit because we don't have maybe maybe maybe Dapes and Cadaceus doesn't have an SNL
Career to fall back on like, you know that he can point to and be like, I got the chops
You know what? I mean? I'm like some other I mean, he's a college improv. It was pretty good. He did some college improv
It was mostly religious based. He was the sort of star of the BYU improv circuit
I know that you had a bit you wanted to do Travis and I'm so here for it
Okay
Yeah
You guys know and I this would be the kind of thing that we would talk about if
Ted lasso was like a show that everybody was watching or nobody was watching
Sort of in a weird middle ground, but nobody's talking about Ted lasso
Did you guys know there's a conspiracy theory that the guy who plays Roy Kent is CGI? I do know about this. Yeah
No
He just look he he looks unbelievable. Yeah, he's incredible. I love Brett Goldstein. So here's the thing you got
Can I tell you the problem? Yeah, yeah reporting my brother my brother and me
Cuz sometimes people are like you guys don't do enough questions anymore. And you know what? Okay
Yeah, I put together a list this week and there's some really just absolute bangers in there, but then also
Like grimace is a tastebud and like that's really kind of hard
Isn't it? Yeah, can I tell you so hard? Here's the wild thing about it?
I looked it up. Do you guys know the story behind this you guys hear about this?
Travis you you legally, you know, you're
Thank you
Thank you. So here's okay. Here's the best part about it, right? Everybody's talking about the fact that grimace is a taste
But that's not the best part about it. Nobody's talking about Ted lasso fuck Ted lasso
No grimace is a taste but so this came from this guy Brian Bates
Who is being honored as outstanding manager of the year?
just a manager of one of the branches of McDonald's or whatever and the interviewer asked him like what he's grimace and Bates just
Went rogue and went an enormous taste bud. Okay, but wait, hold on what he shouldn't be allowed to
You shouldn't be allowed to do that. What I mean, it's a manager of the year
It's true. I get that but you don't get creative rights for the front. You don't get to rest recruit the the sort of
CCO wheel just because you did a good job running a McDonald's
But I'll tell you that's what gets Bates to be the manager of the year that take charge attitude
What's like what is grimacing? It's like well if no one's gonna decide I'll decide right now buck stops here. He's a taste bud
Okay, I would say a bold
Call. I mean he could have said
Anything else and it would have made a lot more sense. I thought he was like a lung. Oh
Like one of those like this is what happens when you smoke cigarettes. I thought he was a lung that warned you against vaping
Oh, I see
Yeah, or possibly maybe a very very very sick chicken nugget that fell behind a cash register or something for 15 years
And then they upgraded the cash registers and we're like, what the fuck is that?
So McDonald's had to make an official statement about it
And tell me if you could tell me which one of these three things
Grimace actually is based on the way they structure this sentence whether he's a taste bud a milkshake or just your favorite purple blob
The best part about grimace is that he means different things to different people. Okay, but he's not a fucking milkshake
Uh-huh. He used to be an evil character who stole milkshakes. Yes, but that does not mean that he is a milkshake
You know what? I know that that would be ridiculous
Just because Fred just because Fred Jasso runs around stealing all the soccer balls from all the players in
London that doesn't make him a soccer ball. Do you know what I mean?
Do you think that McDonald's when they originally had the characters of Hamburglar and Mayor McCheese were angling towards like and then one day
The Hamburglar takes his head off
Just steals his head to consume it and then like talk about it
But here's the thing that I realized reading this this story. Okay, we really know about grimace
Tell me right now you guys grew up in like the 80s and 90s. Yeah, what the fuck do you know about grimace?
He used to have two pairs arms like a Goro. Uh-huh. Interesting. That's true. But what do you know about his personality?
He's not happy to be there. He's not he's not um, he's not smart. Oh
Oh, he's filling that Patrick Starr
Sort of yeah. Yeah, both sort of he's filling that void both sort of
Spiritually and physically. Oh, so what you're saying Griffin is that Ronald keeps him around to make him look smart
Didn't McDonald's in their official statements say whether he's a milkshake or a blob. We don't fucking know
Yeah, then maybe you shouldn't have introduced him to the cannon
Well, they also say in the statement whatever he is. We're just proud our bestie makes people happy and that's what got me wondering
When you see grimace, are you like, oh, I'm filled with happiness. Oh, I'm so fucking happy right now
I would say first off you guys have not put that motherfucker in an ad for 20 years. This is my bestie
Yeah, your besties like corn syrup like it's not grimace
I don't even know if they're using Ronald that much anymore. No, they retired all of them when with a bunch of
Real party poopers decided to dress up like killer clowns and hide in bushes and scare people
Ronald got shuffled aside. Thank you. Take talk as always. Good job. I think they should just be very
Happy that Brian didn't go wilder because he had the stage
Yeah, for some reason Brian was handed the conch shell my man could have fully been like, oh
Ronald he's a sapient wolf
Oh
What's grimace do? Well, he's an alien and he's here to impregnate all of our pineapples
What what the a lot of people won't tell you is if you let grimace it gets you high
Fuck and they're like, oh what is grimace? Well, he's a
Representation of the darkness that lives in all of us. They're lucky. He only stuck to McDonald's
Properties and wasn't like he's a tastebud
Gritty's a nut gritty is a gritty is a
Gritty's a nut sack. I can say whatever
Grimace is our ideal customer McDonald's
He's got a big fat hole ready to shove down all the different foods you have and a juicy ass
A juicy ass with plenty of burger space as we call it. We love it and he's kind of like a triangle
That's what we want. Yeah, cuz there's a he's a kind of a kind of a
Illuminati. Yeah. Oh have we mentioned that we're all in the Illuminati, you know heads back to Ronald
I'm Brian Bates out and it seems like mr. Bates. It seems like your store was there was no turnover
Increase affected by coven. We're just wondering what your secret is. I fucked Louie the lightning bug
Do you think you're gonna get in trouble with the McDonald's higher-ups for these guys they'll have to catch me
Rubble rubble and it's the perfect crime. It's the perfect crime because they can't they can't they can't fire you
That would be so you'd be elected president or against prime minister. Like do you can't fire you for saying that grimaces?
They're gonna elevate him to a place where he can be silenced right like that's what happened when you start spilling the beans like this
Right. It's like well, we can't fire him
So now he's gonna be like, you know a CEO or like he's gonna be in charge of like food studies or whatever
And we're gonna lock him away in like whatever a McDonald's version of area 54 is which is probably just area 54
It's not area 54
54 is the sexy club. Okay and
In studio 51 is the science club where they have aliens that dance all night
Area 54 is the sexy club for nerds
Wait, does that exist wait fuck does that exist cuz we can capitalize on that
Definitely. All right. Listen, well, that's that's enough of McDonald land top. We talked a lot about McDonald land care bring back birdie
She's a strong character. Birdie was the one birdie was cookies, right?
I
Thought birdie. Well, yeah, she wouldn't be literally times a flat circle. Yeah, it's true. I can't talk about
Nuggets who wanted to be we gotta get out we gotta go we gotta go. You're right. You're right. Let's do a question. Yeah
This is I say this is my show. It's there's no way my brother my brother means advice shift the modular
Okay in the before times
I purchased an electric kettle for my office with the intention of providing myself and my co-workers with hot water for tea
Which according to Justin McElroy power rankings one of the top ten reasons to buy a kettle?
Absolutely hot water. Well, but it's also a power move to do it for others. Like you're you're kind of
Prometheus at that point sure we've been out of the office since March 2020 and why I'm being asked to pick up our
I'm gonna get something ripped a stinky beaver and then you had to reupholster the place
Oh
Well, it's funny is that there's somebody ripped a beaver in February 2020 unrelated and they got out just in time actually
I heard that this beaver was made in the lab
human could have made a beaver and the
being spread on 5g
The CEOs the CEO of the company is sending emails every week and like guys, we're all kovat free
It's aces over here. Don't worry about it. But this beaver
But I think we reupholster the place Tuesday, it smells fine Thursday the beaver came back
We think the beaver is hiding somewhere in the drop ceiling
We've got our best people in there
So anyway that happened and now we're being asked to pick up our belongings
Belongings so the CEO can sell the space. Good luck
Sounds like fart
This tea kettle still belonged to me and can I take it home I
Have a tea kettle at home already the exact same kettle actually may you best love the performance
Once you find it you found it, you know, yeah
But I did buy this kettle and leaving it behind would imply it belongs to the office
I don't want to disappoint any of the people who will work in the new office by taking the kettle
But I don't know if anyone remembers I purchased the kettle to begin with is it stealing to take communal kettle that I purchased
That's from bubbling in Boston
I don't know if the CEO selling the space you do there's no expectation that the kettle would be left behind
It's not yeah, it doesn't commute the kettle. I think the easiest solution for this is you do raise
This up the flagpole to the CEO who lives at the top of the flagpole and say like hey
I'm not gonna make a big deal out of this. This was a gift for my colleagues, but I do want a slice of
The profits from if they sell the space and the kettle goes with the state auction
Yes, then they should get you know
five percent of
this of this of the sale you could just recreate the this communal experience by every time you have a zoom call just set out
Like 12 cups of tea and pour it into it and then hold it up to the camera
So people can take drinks of it and everything that way you're still making tea for everybody and it won't be weird at all
We're not having enough fakey fake imaginary tea parties on thank you. Yeah, we could be having so much more fun with this
Which are imaginary biscuits? Hey, we have to get more work done on these zoom calls guys. We're having too many fucking tea parties
Going under
Got a lot of thirsty teddies. I
Feel like this is a non-issue and I don't maybe it's a very very expensive kettle
But I also feel like if you have a kettle that is the same kettle already
You don't need two kettles knocking around the house
But oh, but I will also say has someone who is like cleaned up. So when I worked at
The theater like and whenever we'd have turnover or whatever people would always have this like well
I'll leave this behind and someone else will use it and it's like fuck no take it
Take it away because no one else will use it and it's garbage, right? So like don't leave it there. They're selling the space
So if you don't take it, no one else is gonna take it. I don't want to zoom in though
I think what the person is saying is that they didn't develop a strong
They didn't do a good job of branding the kettle as Greg's kettle. Yes, right
They didn't make a big and honestly everybody had a lot on their mind. I think when the kettle was first
They don't clarify when they just say that they bought it and then so if this was like March 1st
Yes, good point in Charleston. It probably got buried underneath some other news
That's true
But I would say let this be a lesson to others if you're gonna buy a communal tea kettle
What's the point of doing that if you're not using it to raise your profile in the office like like that water got pretty hot
I'm pretty quick. That's thanks to this guy. Don't burn your mouth on my super hot water. Yeah, let go of the material goods
You don't leave it there someone else will have to take care of it
Not someone else will have to take care of it
Like it just you don't need if you get a second kind of weekend do upstairs kettle
No one needs to move. We all love the idea of having a second coffee station in our home somewhere
We all love it
But none of us have it's like it's like you see people with a bar in their house like what you got a whole other
Set up there. You got a bunch of other glasses. Yeah, let's move to the other room
Right. Exactly. The party continues there. No, it doesn't
Especially when you're as old as we are the party will dissipate in eight steps. You can't do that
Yeah, here's what I'm gonna say though Justin
No one's gonna come through this office space like touring it to see if they want to purchase it to be like and does that?
Ten cup kettle come with the space. Is that right? Is that included? No, take it home and give it to somebody else
But why why it's your responsibility you brought it into the space to take it out
No incorrect you gave it a gift to the office. It is the CEOs responsibility. They're gonna sell this office
They're done with having a physical space to their employees fine
But they have to figure out the problem with the teacup you did a generous thing and brought in an office. Honestly, I
Think not providing a tea kettle to your employees is against OSHA. Yes, probably. Yeah, you've convinced me actually
This is the CEOs problem. It's a CEOs problem. Not yours. They're liquidating
Take care
What the fuck else are they doing? If not, you figuring this out, you know what I mean?
Like they do they they deliberate all the other shit out and other people are doing it
And so like give them something to do so they feel like ah a good day's work. I threw away a tea kettle
Hey, should we approach the wizard? Yeah
We're
Yeah, sure, I got teeth sweaters, you know what I mean, yeah, you don't want to
you when you supplicate yourself before the wizard of the cloud you do need to
Have the freshest the freshest well and the wizard always likes it when you bear your teeth
In a sign of submission. He thinks it's rude when you don't show your teeth that absolutely
A lot of people sent this one in over the course of the last couple months
So thank you to everybody who did that. It's uh, it's well, I can't find it author info on this one
So let's say is anonymous but there it's important question because they ask how to form an animal pack. Oh
Do you love animals and dream of creating a pack of them with your friends?
Yeah, you can now you can wait with your friends with your friends now
You can you can roleplay as any animal as long as you know how to form your pack and how to make it fairly
Realistic, I'm not interested anymore. Oh
fair fair did they type FA I
Rly or F E R a L
Oh, why fairly really realistic?
Fairly realistic or fairly realistic now
They just mean sort of real like we're gonna have fun with our friends and form an animal pack
But we're not gonna be like dicks dicks about I thought that this was gonna be about how to form a pack of animals
Actually a way cooler wiki how a way cooler and way more useful practical wiki how article because here's here's the thing
I don't need them all the time
No, but I like the idea of like, oh man some shits going down to me and then just like yes
You know a pack of wolves shows up like you called Travis and I'm like, yes tonight we hunt
Yeah, um, yeah
I would do birds probably some sort of bird of prey some sort of raptor of this guy like a hawk or something like that
Just so I don't have to like keep tabs on them when I'm not fucking Raven would be cool. Are you kidding me?
Well, so I'm like Ravens. Yeah. Okay. Anyway collect members. We don't know how to do that
No, no, we don't know how to collect Ravens. No, like to gather a pack if we as a species knew how to have a pack of
Like collect a pack of animals every wiki. How about it? That's true
No, that's a good point. But this is how to have fun with your friends like at a park at a park or something
One collect members if you want to be an outsider and live with up to four people or less
You are not a full pack and therefore your miniature pack does not have to have a name
Members who want to be part of a pack should join a pack with at least five people or more
So just to start things out with if it's less than five people you are not a pack
You don't deserve a name and get the fuck out of here get the fuck out of this part because this is for
real animal packs only
This I've written there. Can it be a virtual pack Griffin?
Like can we it absolutely cannot be a virtual pack Travis that fucking suck
Thank you. Thank you for your terrible question, but some of my pack lives in like San Francisco
Okay, listen your pack. You can't yeah these days listen. Hey this article
Take some twisty turns
Decide ranks for your pack miniature packs. Don't have ranks another reason why if you're rocking with less than five people
Yes, is you got a clown cluster? That's not a pack
We can all agree that that is something that has come up in real life for that person who's writing this article, right?
Yeah, and Jerry before you fucking ask me again. No three is in a pack. Okay?
There must be a leader and the fairest way to do. This is to hold an election, you know, like wolves do
Remember not say that
No, remember not to vote for yourself if there is a tie have a mini wrestle or rock-paper-scissors battle then let the audience vote for who?
they think is the best so
Yeah
If animals any animal could vote for itself, it would absolutely do
Myself
Existence is voting for yourself. I every day. I think I'd be a great leader
Like that's not a rule that exists in any other election you ever like yeah
Oh, yeah president lost by one vote cuz I think they weren't allowed to vote for themselves. That's embarrassing
The rest of the pack and decide whether they just kind of dropped the word audience by the way
I assume they mean the rest of the pack, but they're watching
Yeah, there is a chance that if you're hanging out with your animal pack at the park, there might be a bit of an audience
Yeah, I would guess I mean they you see people watching the SCA people down at the park, you know
Yeah, she's a more thing society for creative animals
Decide what animal the members in the pack will be and this includes many packs hold an election if there's a draw have everyone top
On the vote on the top two very democratic process forming an animal pack is yeah
I have to say this this is this is where I feel like this person writing this article has not done this
because I feel like I
I have a hard enough time getting friends together to like
Play a board game without a very clear idea of like what game we're gonna play
There's no I there's no way you could get a bunch of people together to do this
Unless you have the specific animal
ahead of time
to to lure them into this activity
Yeah, I also really feel like just by the very nature of this that there should be a step in this wiki
How that's just like hey news flash if you're the one reading this wiki how you're the leader
You're the leader and you get to pick the animal and everything, right?
What are you gonna do reach out to somebody like hey, I want you to be in charge and pick the animal
I just really love the idea of it. No, you're in charge take charge
Who's deciding who the president of the animal pack is and then deciding what the animal says because that's a good way to get stuck
with being like
King idiot bird or whatever. Well, oh, I have different friends though. Dick sell is the leader of different animal groups. Exactly
Thank you. Yes
Name your pack. I would make you the leader of like a parrot type group
Oh, I just repeat those shit that that's real nice child. No because of your beautiful plumage. Yeah, sure
Because you talk good
Justin I think I would probably make you the leader of you know, like
Wow, I can't even think of it sells
Okay, Giselle, but yeah, I wouldn't make you the leader of a bunch of Giselle's
Okay. Yeah, and I think I'd be the leader of like some really cool like wolves. Yeah, but you can't
You can't vote for yourself though
Okay, I'm gonna be a werewolf then all right name your pack this one's optional for many packs
So glad cuz I wanted to form a mini pack and I thought after the first point this article was not going to be for me
But they keep breaking me off little crumbs and I appreciate that
Try to use creative names instead of a more common one hold an election for the pack names
And if there's a tie let the leader decide again unbelievable how what what is the leader's job?
If not to decide these things
This is where the shit takes a turn decide your character's name gender appearance and backstory
You don't have to but it's more fun. It makes your pack more realistic. Okay, so all right
I need my boys together for the wolf pack. Oh, first of all, we didn't vote on the animal. Okay, you're yeah
Yeah, okay. You're right. I want to be kangaroos. Okay. We're a kangaroo pack. Who's in charge? I'm in charge great
My name is Mephistopheles
Karistikov and I am a gray kangaroo with a jetpack
Oh
Okay, can we do it like a quick note session can we do this do we vote on that? No, we do not shit
Okay, I don't know just feels like
It's gonna be hard enough to convince people that we're kangaroos
Did you has the kangaroo make the jetpacker did like a scientist give it to you? I found it in a cave
Why it's a magical jetpack? Okay. Okay, Derek Derek real quick
Can we step outside the bit for a second? It's a magical jetpack. Like yeah, I'm sorry
You lost the alpha kangaroo election, but like you're kind of being an asshole right now right now
You are and my jetpack lets me control the mind of other kangaroos. Okay. All right. No, that's great, Derek
Okay, so map out your territory. Whatever this
Get Ally packs once you have about 10 to 20 members
What the fuck try to form alliances with other packs after all there's strength in numbers
Yeah, you know how you've heard of other people doing this thing. Yeah around you not good news
it's it's a jump after a jump because it's like once you have
Invited 15 other people. Hey, yeah, me and my friends do this thing
It's pretty cool. And if 15 people join you're like, oh damn. Did you hear about this rival group of of 20?
20 fake koala bears. Let's let's go get them. Let's go beat their asses though
Because that is actually sorry spoiler alert the next tip get rival packs once you've got 20 to 30 members
Start start turning down offers for others to join your pack or let the leader decide
Doesn't say vote on it on this one
But I do think that that's an option if you decline you could suggest they create a rival pack
I would like to address the big fake elephant in the room
okay, and say that if anybody's reading this and thinks
Actually, it sounds like you're a furry and that's fine. Go do that. That's awesome. It's fine. But like why are you putting it?
I bet they're hurry
Several furries. Let's see this who are like that sounds like so much fucking lot of work
How about just like get a costume and you like live your life? Yeah
Can you imagine going in there like I'd love to be an animal pack and then they're like, yeah
We're fucking kangaroos. I'm like, no, I'm not
You can all be kangaroos and I was adopted by kangaroos and I'm a marmoset or whatever like
I'd watch that. I'd watch that unlikely animal friend story
Like I'm I'm a cheetah cub that was adopted by kangaroos. I protect them now. Yeah, fuck
Yeah, actually you don't need to kangaroos are fucking terrifying. Yeah, they're really scary
It all kind of culminates here
I mean, there's more tips after this one, but tip number 10 is have battles and border raids
No, these can be acted out as once again
Many wrestles or rock-paper-scissors battles actually take that back. I would love to watch that
I mean, I would love to watch adults have a mini wrestle on the quad
That would be good for me. Okay. Okay. Okay, but here's my question and this is very important
It's not clarified here. Yeah, if there is a border dispute
Yeah, let's say a gang of
Rhinoceroses, yeah gang of kangaroos when they many wrestle do they have to wrestle in the manner of kangaroo?
Kangaroos and rhinoceroses or do they wrestle in human manner?
first of all the the
Collective name for rhino. I rhino is a crash of rhinoceri. Okay, it's very good and you gotta respect that
I don't I think you may have accidentally backed up into what would be the best sort of animal squad
Like if a crash a crash is coming your way. You don't want a mini wrestle with a crash of rhino
This is what I'm saying way
What if it's like a bunch of lemurs right and you're a gang of rhinoceri and you're like a crash, excuse me
And you're like, oh we can take lemurs, but then they show up and it's like some like six foot eight
Absolutely built human beings. You're like we are the lemurs and you're like fuck
I just jacked people are secretly lemurs
This is I'm saying and here here you are like 120 pounds soaking wet rhinoceri and like you're like fuck
You know what? We've overplayed our hands. I do not want a mini wrestle and once again Travis you have brought up a
Really interesting edge case because a group of lemurs is called the conspiracy of lemurs
and that's tough that's tough to beat a conspiracy of lemurs versus a crash of rhinoceri is I
Actually, that one's a fucking toss-up. I wanted to say two points. The first is
We basically did what they're describing in our safety town episode of my brother my brother
I mean, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, it's a real thing, too. Yeah
But the other thing I want to say is that you guys know how many spider-man villains have done this exact same thing
Yeah, I kind of trips you out when you think about it. Like that one guy got armor and he's like, I don't know now
Everybody's like I don't think so
Okay, you want to challenge me cuz I'm gonna fucking hit you in the face with myself and you're like, yeah, you're right
Your vulture you say no way. Oh, look at him. All right. He's up there. Fuck. Oh fuck my arm
Oh shit, my arm fell off. Oh grew back lizard now
That they're more like this what they're more committed like the because they're able to deliver on some of the animal abilities
It's like less. Yeah
Listen if someone was like I'm a right now you're like no, you're not and they charge us through like a fucking concrete wall
You're like fuck
You might you charge through a concrete wall
You might be a rhino
I'm just saying man that there are certain abilities that someone could demonstrate in front of me
That would make me say like well fuck I got you know, what we'll get you differently from that one
Yeah, you are fucking if somebody's like I'm a vulture and I was like no
You're not and then they like took off into the air and then buried their heads into a rotting carcass. I'd be like, oh fuck
Okay, fuck. Yeah, cool, man. I'm not gonna challenge you anymore. I'm so sorry
Michael Keaton's eating a dead buffalo that's been there for a while. Holy shit. I know awesome
That guy's awesome this fuck
Can I also say that there's part of me that 12 year old and maybe even older than that Travis would have been like, yeah
Let's go fucking be a pack of wolves in the park. That sounds fucking awesome
I would have totally done this and I I maybe have poked fun at this thing
Then I would sincerely want to do. Yeah, sure just burn down the rest of this
Let everyone know about it is step 11 with posters all around the campus
Let me say as a person who has cared about things before don't do that
Don't do that get the leader to make about three to five rules that all pack members must obey
There's no way that that could go bad
And that is also the best best part about being an alpha wolf in any man
Pack is having to make and enforce rules. Yeah. Yeah, I get all the spaghetti Charles. I don't know what that
Means but it's on the it's on it is on the ledger
So only six beers per night per person per day Charles. That's a lot
That was only seven beers. You just
Said six Charles. I'm thirsty. I know what I said
Grimace is a taste bud. You can't actually put that one
Anymore
Not since you smash through the wall of the break career charging yelling about how you are a rhinoceros
Established a lot of rhinoceros cred. Yeah. Yeah, and you and don't and Jerry Maguire style
You did pull a lot of people away from that company to join your your Rhino company
But you don't seem to have any kind of like business plan and we all kind of thought this would be a rhino business
Yeah, and you know what we were wrong
But we didn't know we were all so confused and we breathed in so much dust from just a plaster
You had shouted into the air and we all can we go back to work? Hey Charles, can we go get our jobs back?
you know these alt-right goofballs are
Calling a lot of more traditional conservatives
Rhinos like Republican in name only and do they not realize that that's like
That sounds awesome. Yep
Like you're you're being a real fucking rhino right now
Like you mean the big strong animal with the horn that charges and blows up a Jeep by running into it. Thank you very much
Anyway, that's some that's some political hold on and that's some
Oh, hold on and that's some of my political humor
Can we take a quick break and come right back with more great comedy, um, are we gonna I mean are we gonna do ads
Yeah, yeah, I mean that's another way of saying it. Okay. I'm just trying to spice it up a little bit
Well, you just made it sound like we were gonna like
Take a quick break and then let Justin and Travis the Griffith take up the commerce boys. Yeah
I say cause money bros and then and then we'll come back sort of the fun. We'll be like get out of here
Yeah business business
finance bros
Yeah, I don't think you can I don't that's taken actually
Okay, we're now come on. It's time to go to the money zone
You
This podcast is sponsored by better help online therapy
Listen, it doesn't matter who you are or what you have life can be stressful. I am
Living my best life
Everything is your sunshine and rainbows and Skittles for me. And you know what? I still have issues
There's still things
Everybody feels it except for Griffin Griffin's never felt anxiety in his entire life. But other than that
Everybody else has stuff and you know what? It's totally okay to talk to somebody
In fact, I would encourage you to I started doing therapy about four years ago
And it is absolutely changed my life for the better and everyone I know who has tried therapy or tried just talking to somebody
It's really helped and you may not be feeling you know, like you need it or or anything like that
but if your stress is high, you can probably take a chance to unload and
Do that man. It really helps talk to somebody who's completely unbiased about your life
Someone who isn't going to judge you or take sides it can really help. So check out better help
It's customized online therapy that offers video phone and even live chat sessions with your therapist and it can be more affordable than in-person
Therapy see if it's for you
This podcast is sponsored by better help and my brother my brother and me listeners get 10% off their first month at better help
Dot-com slash my brother have your first session in under 48 hours at B E T T E R H E
LP comm slash my brother
Door dash go and get it to your door no matter what it is. What do you need?
hamburger
dishwasher so yeah liquid dishwasher soap liquid Taco Bell
Door dash is here to help you get these things to your door and more because they're not just doing restaurant food anymore folks
They can they can get you snacks drinks and household essentials from the grocery in in like 30 minutes with door
Can they bring me food from my friend's house?
They probably does your friend live at Burger King?
Well, what if I had my friend meet the driver at Burger King and give the food to them there?
And then the driver would bring it back to me
This seems like a way this seems like
Mule territory. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I see that. I see that I see that, you know, I'll keep working on the bugs here
Yeah, crack them crack them door dash connects you to with the restaurants you love right now right to your door
And guess what you can get grocery essentials you need with door dash to drink snacks other household items delivered in under an hour with
The contactless delivery drop-off setting. I also just saw on the freaking app that they're they're starting to do like
like
National shipping. So if you want some
So if you want some if you want some cats as deli they can they can get that to your door in a couple days
That's pretty tight. Also. I'd also look I'd love to get a classic Santa Fe bagel
You know, I can't get Santa Fe bagels anywhere. Yeah, you got you got to get those and they do
They just put them on a zip line and
The bagel zips down the line to your door. That's a special thing
They do because Santa Fe is the highest point in the country. So for a limited time
our listeners can get
25% off and zero delivery fees on their first order of $15 or more when you download the door dash app and enter code my bim-bam
It's 25% off up to a $10 value and zero delivery fees on your first order when you download the door dash app in the app
Store and enter code my bim-bam. Don't forget. It's code my bim-bam for 25% off your first order with door dash subject to change terms apply
You
Congratulations, you've won a ticket to attend an exclusive opportunity in a relaxing environment with two lovers
Wow, well, this sounds like a sort of proposition of sorts, but really it's an ad for our podcast
Wonderful. It's a show we do here on maximum fun where we talk about things that we like and things that we're into
I'm Rachel McElroy and you just heard Griffin McElroy and we are excited for you to join us as we talk about
movies and music and books things like sneezing or
the idea of rain
Can you get news or information you can use
Absolutely, you cannot because we're here to talk to you about pumpernickel bread. You can find new episodes on Wednesdays. So catch catch the wave
How about another question sure I
recently moved to a really
One no jokes. No, uh, none of your cut-ups. No your classic cut-ups. Okay. No
I recently moved to a new state. I didn't know my podcast. Come on. You don't understand me. I
Want a bunch I want a bunch squad squad. I was kind of going for a BC boy
No, I got that but the problem is the question asker listening the show like oh my question. Oh, no
Yeah, we're gonna get back to it, okay, we're gonna do a two-minute month on your quick. All right, this is quick ones
Um Panda Express to test orange chicken sandwich. This is just to say wait, hold on
Wait, did you say Panda Express to test orange chicken sandwich? And this is just to say how fucking dare you we're trying to hear
I thought you said detest
That they didn't they came up with it. They were like, fuck this awful
I was just wondering the chicken sandwich wars. How dare us just from that headline?
I would like to think that the test is like can we even do this wouldn't it be great?
If that if Panda Express is like we were going to and then we realize we can't do this and we wanted to announce our
Restraint, you know, here's the problem guys the orange chicken. It's all sloppy. We put it on the sandwich to break
It's all slow. We don't know what the fuck to do with this. I hate it. I hate this falls apart
You know the chicken sandwich wars were attempted to be ended by Popeye's right? This is like a month ago
It's still fucking going Panda Express is like can we get up in this?
It's like please I'd rather you did not not Taco Bell is like, I don't know if we're in it or not
Then and now you got jack-in-the-box, which is introduced to the new cluck chicken sandwich and a bbq cluck chicken
Okay. All right. So so the reason I'm
Jack in the box when the nation that's all right
Hey, if you need a minute jack-in-the-box announced the rollout of its new cluck chicken sandwich and bbq cluck chicken sandwich a company
Thank you for pronouncing that correctly. By the way, no one ever pronounces that
cheap marketing campaign
Meant to poke fun at the infamous chicken wars, which I will remind everyone as I tried to every episode has claimed human lives
Along with the significantly bigger and
Crispier upgrade of the cluck chicken and this new cluck bbq cluck chicken and a bbq deluxe cluck chicken
Imagine standing before another human safe species as you and say, oh me. I'll take a bbq deluxe cluck chicken sandwich
The brand broke the news last week with a humorous video press release announcing that jack box
Try again, I guess is the name of the company because it just says jack box here, which I thought was
a different thing. Yeah, all right thing
Purchase the town it jack box had purchased the town
what of chicken, Alaska
Effectively owning chicken and winning the chicken wars for good. Okay. Okay. No. Yeah, great
Great. No. Yeah, great. There's nothing nothing bad could happen out of that right to have a company town
I got old-timey coal five years from now when jack box fucking succeeds
Yeah
Or when jack box only pays people in chicken Alaska with company script to get more chicken fries
To announce the rollout of the new chicken sandwiches the brand lean into its playful and comedic identity
With the campaign surrounding CEO jack boxes purchase of the small-town chicken, Alaska in exchange for
Now you may take a moment here to think about America's own troubled history with purchasing land
for rather ridiculous
Things that are not money
So now I'll complete the sentence and said that it bought the town of chicken, Alaska in exchange for 10,000
That doesn't seem like a lot of money it bought it's no money it's 10,000 said good point juice
It's 10,000 sandwiches, right?
Yeah, and they're but they they'll allow the brand to own chicken for good
Jackbox solidify the deal after a friendly negotiation with current chicken town owners
sue and max
Which I would love to be in the negotiation. I'm assuming that started at 8,000 chicken
Max
Good so careful in those that goes because this could be genie rules
Right where you ask for that and then they deliver them all at once and you're like fuck
I can't eat 10,000 chicken sandwiches by the time this goes bad. He's like, well, you should have worded it more carefully
You want one chicken sandwich every day for 10,000 days that's how you want to phrase it my friends
Yeah, you should yeah, I it is not
clarified in here how these will be like
doled out
What's the population of chicken Alaska
I'm betting to
12
Damn, hold up 12 what 12 people live there?
So much chicken. Yeah, only 12 people. So let me just run some quick numbers
10,000 divided by 12. This is gonna be crazy
800 each one of the members of the chicken
community
Gets eight hundred and thirty three and a third chicken sandwiches. That's so many. They're gonna be so sick
So they did yeah, they did this whole ad about it you sound fucking bummed out juice
Oh, man, this one's hard cuz jack-in-the-box
Usually I love all their endings. I'm gonna see it play a little bit of a commercial or goes cool thing, obviously
Okay, Jack chicken is the French Riviera of Alaska
Okay, and by purchasing chicken Alaska, not only will you win these so-called chicken wars?
But you'll also get the chicken Creek saloon the chicken Creek cafe the chicken mercantile emporium
Cozy cabins and much more interesting. Okay, hear me out
My new cluck sandwich is bigger crispier and better than ever and I will straight-up give you
10,000 of them if you let me own chicken plus I'll throw in a commemorative hat
Wow
10,000 sandwiches is your
What can I say? All right, Jack, you've got a deal chicken is yours and it's just that
He didn't just buy it for 10,000 sandwiches
I don't for 10,000 sandwiches and a half. Yeah, and that's pretty messed up also cuz there's two people on the phone
Fuck you know what?
I love about that ad is that this spokesperson for chicken Alaska named several small businesses the chicken mercantile
Emporium the chicken Creek saloon the chicken Creek cafe all of which will probably be put out of business
By the info by the importing of 10
Chicken sandwiches into this town of 12
Yeah, that's I can't do the math of that
But it's a I just gonna say it's a lot of sandwiches per person and then what really?
We're really chaps my ass about this commercial which by the way in the 13 days since its release has had
Two thousand three hundred and fifty four people view it or one guy view it a lot of times
There's a message at the end where it says no, we didn't really buy chicken Alaska with our new club chicken sandwich. Come on
Oh, that's ridiculous. Just like the chicken wars are ridiculous. There's nothing fucking funnier
Me when you do a big crazy campaign like this, there's nothing funnier than when you're like
Also, we were joking. Hey everyone
Joke when they say but we're proud to call chicken Alaska our new friends and partners. Okay
But they just and then they did
Them and then it says while we don't own chicken Alaska because they're kin guys
This was a joke that we did for a laugh to promote chicken while we don't own chicken, Alaska
We did donate
Thousand dollars to help the town recover from the pandemic. Oh, all right money, please
Money, they did said I was thinking about 10,000 sandwiches. No, although I
Mean an act of largesse like that. I'm sure would have been very meaningful at the beginning, you know
Because the dollar value I don't know what these sandwiches cost, but it's probably more than a buck, right?
You would think you would think you
Would think if you're gonna do a bit or you give them 10,000 cluck sandwiches in this exchange for your town
that maybe you could give him the cash equivalent of
10,000 sandwiches, right? Yeah, maybe you would think that would be kind of a nice
It's not but it's not as clean. Is it it's just not as clean
All right, what's that price on that bbq cluck sandwich? They're not gonna show me on the website. Are they no, it's not
Cowards, we don't have a jack of the box around here son. We know what I'm saying. It's at least what?
two and a half three bucks
Gotta be gotta gotta be this big boy with I see I'm looking at a picture of it for pickles on it
That's yeah. Yeah, that's not free. I
Recently moved to a new state and I don't have any friends here with children do the pandemic
Scouts aren't posting up outside grocery stores to take your cash. How do I secure?
Secure, how do I secure access to girl scout cookies without in the existing kid connection?
That's from still mad about Savannah smiles in Savannah
How do you get?
Hmm I mean there's there to put jokes outside of the room there's an app
There's an app. Is there an app for that? There's an app for that. Yeah, it's
It's a it is called the cookie finder and it's they'll help you
They'll help you get where you're going here. Now. Are you gonna have to drive an hour and a half to get there? Maybe but
Worth it. How do I bet it? Yeah, because I don't want to give my cookie dollars
To like a girl scout who's not gonna appreciate going to camp or maybe it's just a real jag
yeah, and also, I mean you gotta be like I have a
You know, I have my my squad that I go to because I trust their product
But you can't just like go just you know, stop outside of some CVS or you see somebody who might be selling, you know
Cut cut tagalongs absolute sniggle friends. Yeah, you don't know. Sorry. Is this is this? Oh, this is baking soda
Yeah, there is baking soda you put coconut in this
That's if you don't like coconut and it's in something that's not supposed to have that right? Yeah. Okay. I got I got
That's a you know, you almost wonder if coconut was the right thing to pick. Yeah
That you didn't really buy chicken Alaska
Yeah, I mean there's there's there's it's 2021 there's digital resources for your literal every human desire
So it's tough. It's tough to deal with a question like this knowing that that is always a hundred percent going to be true
I was so disappointed because I I
There's a thing on the website that says you can text cookies Oh to five nine six one eight and then what happens
What happened was they sent me a link? Yeah, and what it did was
They it just sent me the Girl Scout cookies website. What a disappointment
Yeah, you kind of just want a text an automated text response to that to pop up that says we're on our way
We know what you need Justin. We're on our way
Can I just say as a parent and I don't like to play that card very often as a parent. I
Searched what the cookie rewards are for Girl Scouts to sell these motherfuckers
This is this is some
Chucky cheese prize counter level bullshit. Yeah for the amount of work that I the actual
Person am going to have to do to deliver these fucking cookies and you've got inflatable
ottoman on there come
Garbage that's fun a mini disco ball. Fuck you
Come on
Shake blanket sack. What the fuck you talking about?
You just ran into a Spencer's gifts with your arms outstretched
You just knock some shit off the shelves into a basket and say go for it
fucking horse apples a
Frisbee a
Frick if you sell
65 boxes or more you get a fucking frisbee a butterfly
carabiner for 90 they have placed a butterfly carabiner above a glow-in-the-dark flying disc fuck
I do want to point out Travis that the gifts are really just a way to say thank you
You're not buying the gifts what you're buying with this is the sense that you're helping a great organization fuck
I'm not blind the gifts Justin. It's not about the gifts. You're too old
You don't remember what it was like out there selling for daily on your church people. Oh
This fucking sucks when I sold the most Vidalia onions choke. Why you know what I got $200 cash
And it's just now as a 34 year old man hitting me is weird that you guys did sell onions
I got I sold boxes of Vidalia onions the sweeter than an apple vegetable was the slogan very
confusing not true either also not true and not not a fact not very sweet Vidalia onions and here's what they don't tell you
when you sell the most boxes of Vidalia onions at one point you will have in your house a lot of
Vidalia onions many onions. Yes, and then like a reverse loan shark
You have to hunt down the people who gave you their names at some point and say hey
Do you remember a month ago when I tricked you into buying a box of onions? It's your problem now
Act on this my house smells like Shrek swamp, please
And mom and dad load up the fucking Chrysler the Voyager with some boxes of stinky bitter apples
We're gonna take him to church and hope that Judy will be there cuz she got ten of these motherfuckers
For some reason and if she's not there bad news load him back up
She definitely thought she was just buying ten onions
Not ten boxes of onions, but that's fucking Judy's problem now now imagine if
For all this work. I brought home an inflatable ottoman
Oh
The Girl Scouts figured out the game though like they have the cookies there
And they're like you could be when I was a kid and I had to make money for band or whatever
It was a really wild system where you would show up at someone's door, and you'd be like hey
Do you like caramel turtles? They'd be like yeah?
Do you want to eat some in six weeks
I say I guess and then be like all right give me $20 what now yep?
And I promise that I a child will definitely bring you this can I a child will bring it to you
And then you say and then six
Later which is I will say though adults if this does happen
This is an amazing gift you could give to yourself because it is so rare that a child just walks up to your door
They're like here's the candy like oh hell. Yeah, thanks past me
I appreciate it, but it's a wild system like remember when you bought some caramel turtles from me. No absolutely not
Died in the intervening six weeks, so I guess that these are my inheritance now
Thank you very much the other system
That was very broken was here is a box of candy bars
You a 12 year old with no impulse control are now in charge of these candy bars
And we expect you to sell all of them for $1 and what that translates to you is hey mom and dad
I'm gonna need 30 bucks cuz I ate all of them because I'm a child and I was given a box of candy and no
Oversight yeah, sorry. I would eat it in my profits constantly. Yeah, I got high on my own supply mom and dad
Thanks so much for the 30 cold ones. It's crunching right into a fucking Vidalia onion like a iron chef does it?
Oh
Why to sell so many this stinky back you sold a lot of onions that trash
I think that's a testament to your charisma that you sold a lot. It's a lot. It was a lot
I I used every trick in the book
Vidalia onion selling
They did you guys are joking, but they do do this with like oranges. Yeah, you know wait. We're not juice
We're not joking joking about onions
Wait really I did that Bob. You did that. I thought you guys are having some fun. You were sweeter than an apple vegetable
I sold like a hundred and twenty boxes
They were stacked up in our dining room. How do you not they were next to the air-conditioner?
So much funnier than it's real cuz I thought it was a joke for podcast and I thought was a little nice shit for
My sensibilities you know to be like I would've been like fucking buy a case of sex dolls
So the podcast
Ribble I shared a bedroom with Travis during these trying times and it was like living is like sleeping inside of a Giants armpit
It was tough stuff
Especially after we had had some of those boxes for like a week
And it was getting harder to track down some of these deadbeats
And it was like hey
I'm worried that by the time I get these onions to them the products gonna be just ruined and who's that on?
Is that on me is that on them? Do I have to replace it? What is happening? Oh?
We ate a lot of onions in those days. Yeah, let's let's scoot. Let's scoot. Yeah, let's scoot
Hey, thanks for listening to the podcast. We very much appreciate it the the top story
Right now though is September 24th at 9 p.m. You're gonna be watching
Sawbones and my brother my brother and me in a virtual show
It
Will be the first my brother my brother and me thing of fall. Oh, yeah. Oh, I oh, okay
bit dot ly forward slash
Mb mb am
Virtual is the link you can get a VOD available for two weeks after the show
it's gonna be
everyone who has attended these has
Uniformly said they had a lot of fun at them. Some of them say change their life. Some of them said yeah crops grew
We've also got some new merch over at macro merch comm got our pin of the month
The dr. Shaq pin which benefits the world central kitchen. We've got the phantom sea coast Co pin
We've got an adventure zone temporary tattoo flash sheet designed by Lynn Doyle
Which benefits the Asian prisoner support committee and also we got a lot of other fun stuff over there
You should check out from past
Seasons our past season
Lines that you're gonna just absolutely live I I I do some streaming over on Twitch
I've been playing Deathloop recently. I'm gonna play more of it too fucking rules
You can check that out at twitch.tv slash at the Travis McElroy. You guys want to like
Push any of your specific projects or I'm just happy. I'm yeah, man. I'm just honestly I do it for the craft
Hey, thanks to montaigne for the use of our theme song. My life is better with you. Check out that track. Check out the video
It's on title. Maybe
And do you want a final yahoo?
So this final yahoo was sent in by
I
Dave
Grohl
Thank You Dave, it's asked by one of the other food fighters skies
Whoa, who says and asks with the question?
Who's who is trying to
Who's trying to go to pound town on this trampoline with me?
From food fight the guy from food fighters sting. It's not slash
Buckethead bucket, man, who wants to go to pound town on a trampoline with bucket man me for food fighters. I love you
Can't keep I mean, there's a lot of money on juice
You can't keep doing it. There's a lot of money here. She's there's likes. This is there's like there's some gigabytes of them left on here
I haven't even touched. My name is Justin McElroy and my brother can't cutie. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy
Griffin McElroy. It's been my brother my brother me kiss your dad square on the lips
Oh
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
