The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hey, this is Griffin. Real quick, wanted to preface this one by saying it's a live show,
which is strange to listen to these days from the before times from when we performed on the
Joko Cruise, which was just going off my own sort of internal calendar about 400
patrillion-scrillion-minillion-thousand-trillion years ago. So it's actually cut together from
a couple of shows that we did on the Joko Cruise, so it's a bit patchwork and a bit weird,
and you know, we edited out a lot of very extremely local boat-specific humor. But yes,
that is the episode this week. We were not able to record a new one. We will be back with a regular
episode next week. Until then, enjoy this incredibly strange thing to listen to of our
ma-boom-bam goofery aboard the Joko Cruise. I run an after-school fantasy larp for eight to
twelve-year-olds, and I write the story and play all the major NPCs that the characters,
kids' characters encounter. The problem is that I'm not a very intimidating person.
You're gonna need to start over. I missed all of those words.
I run an after-school fantasy larp for eight to twelve-year-olds. I don't know why I almost
turned it into a Barenaked Lady song. I run an after-school fantasy larp for eight to
twelve-year-olds, and I write the story and I play all of the major roles.
Wait, I didn't...
The problem is that I am not a very intimidating person. So even when I try to portray an
appropriately scary villain, the kids tend to always think, quote, we can take them and mob me.
Brothers, how can I strike fear into the hearts of gamer children?
That is from Cora. Cora, are you here? All right, much better. Nailed it. Got it in one.
Much better. Nailed it. Got it in one.
When I was a gamer child, the thing I think I was most afraid of
was having to mow the lawn. Can you dress up as a lawnmower that they would have to use?
Can you dress up as chores? Can you dress up as the idea of reformatting a memory card?
Can you dress up as the concept of your dad really thinks you'd be good at baseball?
So get out there, Tiger. Just whisper in their ear, like,
I took all your V-bucks. When you weren't watching, I took all your what?
V-bucks is the Fortnite money. God, I hate doing this show with old people.
None of them reacted. They loved it. They were scared.
V-bucks? They were scared that their Fortnite money would be...
That sounds like something that happens at Bucky Cheeses.
Now, Justin, I hate to stifle your creativity over there, but as you approach to Whisper This,
they've already thrown a balled-up wad of tinfoil at you, hitting you for 15 points of electricity damage.
Is there a safe way to set kids on fire? Just like...
Oh, safe fire. A safe fire for kids?
Yeah. This one was sent in by Adrian Cowles. Thank you, Adrian.
Adrian, you're not here, are you?
No, that'd be wild. We're in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. That would be fucking bizarre.
So this is an anonymous Yahoo Answers user I'm gonna call. Aquaman asks,
how did the first parents know how to take care of their children?
Fuck, yeah. Yeah, right? Right? Yeah. It must have been weird the first time the baby shit in a diaper,
and you're like, where do we get more diapers?
Sorry, we're all parents up here, and we know this crowd skews younger,
so when the baby is born and come out, it has a diaper.
Yeah. And it's called, it's birth diaper. And you know how just like in movies, right,
baby come out, start screaming. Has diaper. Yes. Person with milk glands just start spraying it out
like super sugar? That must have been weird for... Yeah, like, hey, Doug, I think I'm making food.
I don't want to like freak you out. Hey, are we having a weird party? Yeah, I think I'm making
food right now. Isn't that wild? Let's put it in little U's mouth. Yeah, see if they like other food.
And that must have been frustrating. You're like, hey, put on baby shark. It's like,
what the fuck is baby shark? There is a baby shark over here. Put baby shark on baby? No.
Honey, he wants to play with the baby sharks. I don't know what to tell you. Well, I mean,
I mean, a small me just came out of you. Maybe feed it some of the brontosaurus? Oh, nope. Nope.
Now we gotta wait to next baby. But this is it. Trial and error. We'll get this right sometime,
baby. Baby do bad. We should have done the you milk that's coming. Yes, Travis. At some point,
that baby, that successful baby, started talking. That must have freaked him the fuck out.
What? Oh my God. This weird small you pet is turning into a you. It isn't like right now,
your hamster went, I actually would love a carrot. What? Where's my hamster? It's at school.
What? And now I have to teach you to drive? Where did we get a car? You teach us to drive
a dinosaur. Yeah, obviously. Yeah, obviously. This seems like the type of crowd that would
actually get very angry and send some things on Twitter about how human beings and dinosaurs
didn't exist at the same time. As far as we know, yes. It's a bit and a goof. Let me point towards
the documentary Flintstones. Yes. Griffin, if dinosaurs and human beings didn't exist at the
same time, how do we know about them? How do we know about them? How do they play their records?
Oh yeah. Because? Yours is a Flintstone. Okay. Yes. Justin, how about another question? Yeah,
here it comes. Because we, hey Jews, we could say a lot of Flintstones things up here,
but I think it would be good for us to go to another question. How do they make vitamins?
Yes. Cereal. How do we still have their cereals? Jurassic Park, it would just,
they wouldn't look like dinosaurs, they'd look like big weird monsters because we didn't see them.
Right. With our human eyes. Not like the super accurate Jurassic Park. We're fucking dying up
here, Justin, please. Thank you. We got a Honda Doll Watch. Oh fuck, we didn't ask before, but
who in this room has no idea who we are? Okay. Oh shit. Oh no. Okay, so Honda Doll Watch is a segment
on the show where we find Honda dolls for sale on the electronic bay and see what the story with
those are, because that's wild. This doll is called Melissa Tangible. Holy shit, that's a good name.
It's a fucking good name, actually. Melissa Tangible is what this doll is listed as. Meet
Melissa. Melissa is, they don't say, it doesn't say to the tune of Train. Meet Melissa. Melissa
is what she likes to be called. Oh. Though a tangible doll, she was neither human nor non-human.
Okay, that's everything. That's actually all the things. Everything. Are you actually skipped
over the first part of that sentence? Read that one more time for me. Meet Melissa. Nope. Though
a tangible doll. Like all dolls. No. There are intangible dolls. Travis. Do not step to Justin
on this exact subject. On the electronic bay, sometimes you get a doll, sometimes you get a
picture of a doll, because they're not specific about it being a tangible doll. I would argue
that even there, it's a doll one could conceive. No, it's not. I don't think you know what the
word tangible means. Fuck. That is the actual problem. She is a pure evil, tangible, physical
doll. As a seller, I'd like my customers to know that my house backs up 600 acres of woods.
On the other side of those woods is a medium-sized cemetery.
So, important things for all of us to know. So I assume your house backs up in like a 300...
Incorrect. 600 acre woods, and it's a medium-sized cemetery. So that's the kind of like oaky tannins
you can expect from this. The terrar of this haunted doll is extremely good. I'm sorry to
keep revealing my known ass. How big is an acre? Is 600 acres between your house and a cemetery
a good distance? Well, Winnie the Pooh lived in a... Winnie the Pooh lived in a 100 acre one,
so it's six times better than him. Oh shit. And the Winnie the Pooh cemetery was quite large.
It was every animal ever. Eeyore lived in it, and that's why he was kind of bummed out. I'm sad.
Oh, why? Because... No, because of the spirits. You don't understand. I've never had a night's rest.
This isn't... The wailing. This isn't my tale. That's right. Think of the implications.
I'm a patchwork monstrosity. It's the telltale tale. Yeah.
Don't patronize him. The ghosts come a-runnin' when they hear the spirit box. I do believe
that that is why I have so many negative or evil spirits on my property and in my home.
This spirit, however, really does not have a name. We agreed on Melissa. She seems to like that,
although she is neither female nor male. We have established that she is neither human
nor non-human. I don't think we need any more specifics. This spirit, you must be 18 or over
to purchase. What? Also, this spirit is for the dark arts only or seasoned investigators.
Oh, okay, I'm back in. Okay, yeah. This is my favorite. I bought her at another consignment
shop and she was not a haunted doll. However, she is now. Huh. Yeah, huh. Funny how that works.
Yeah, okay. Jesus Christ. Is this person's house for sale? Because it sounds like maybe
it's a haunted doll factory. Yeah, quick point for you, Fire Torch Findings on eBay. You probably
shouldn't buy more dolls. That's maybe where I would start is your house transmogrifies
regular dolls into bad evil dolls that are neither human nor non-human but are named Melissa.
Hey, why do you think this eBay user bought the doll carcass in the first place? Well,
we have a name for doll carcasses, Trav, and they're dolls. It's just a regular doll. I do
like this backstory, though, of I'm just a doll lover purchaser and now this one's haunted, so
I got to get rid of it. I created a whole eBay account. Yeah, for this one specific one and
according to the listing, the 270 other haunted dolls that they have in there. Sorry about your
luck. What keeps happening? What's the connective tissue? Anyway, that is Haunted Doll Watch.
Hey, how about another question? I'd love that, Griff. Thank you so much.
My boyfriend says bless you after I cough. This makes me feel very uncomfortable.
How can I get him to stop? And that's from Bless You in Boston. My boyfriend says,
is the uncomfortable thing that that is not when we do that or is it what they're actually
saying, do you think? What part is causing the discomfort? Well, can it be both? Because it is
both of the things. Okay, let's try it out. Oh, bless you. What do you say back?
I would say thank you for the blessing. Have you heard the good news? And then I would bow.
Bow like, oh, like that? Yes. Let me try. I'll cough. Okay.
Hack'em, hack'em, hack'em. Bless you. And also with you.
Nice, religious. Do you want to try? Yeah, so, okay.
Bless you. You will never take Jenny from me.
Okay. That's that kind of possession thing. We've got three different good options.
Yeah, he'll definitely stop after one of those. Hold on, let me do it. I'll do it.
Bless you. I wish you'd stop doing that.
Okay, I've been wanting to talk to you for a while now about our relationship.
Oh, hold on. Bring me some popcorn. You always fucking do this, Jerrick.
Jerrick, I want to move back to Portland with my sister.
Wow, a new vibe. Okay, what's next? What happens next?
You know what? You're right. Okay.
I think we can make this work. Honest communication, I'm loving it.
Once I get out of here, we can be together. My character's in prison.
Well, we'll see about that. Three, two, one, blast off.
Oh, no. Wait, what is happening now?
I'm in a rocket ship now. To where?
Portland, Oregon. Well, here's my brother,
Elon Musk. Aw.
Two. He built a rocket ship for me.
Oh, no. It's an old-fashioned breakup rocket ship chase.
Yeah, and it's a steampunk rocket ship, so you know it's cooler, guys.
And what's that? It's Captain Mal Reynolds. Oh, shit.
Anyways, do you want to have sex in front of Captain Mal Reynolds?
Actually, Travis, I stopped playing the part, like, 15 seconds ago.
So now it's just uncomfortable. And so for me, Trav, that's a firm no.
How about Yahoo? Yeah, here is a Yahoo from the Yahoo
Answer Service. This one was sent in by several people,
and it's sort of just like a fun sort of linguistics, like, origin, like,
a smart people thing. For all the smarts on this here boat.
Anybody here smart? Okay, a lot of people sent this in.
It's from Yahoo Answers user Negotiator, who asks...
I like that. What exactly is a gravy train?
Oh, boy. I assume it is. Travis, don't assume.
Okay. Know it. From a book you read
about this subject yesterday. Thank you. You know how
there are trains full of... Yeah. Gasoline.
Yeah. Okay. I see where this is going. You're saying... Are you trying to say
that maybe... How else does gravy get places?
Thank you. Are you saying maybe that cars use
gasoline, like, they call gasoline gravy as, like, slang?
Yeah. Like, gravy is slang for gasoline?
Yes. No. So, somebody has a big gasoline train? Not now.
Not now. I'm saying a hundred years ago. Travis is embarrassed, and he's trying to walk it back.
I have never been embarrassed in my entire life. Have you heard the jokes I
make on this show? I'm saying a hundred years ago, everyone
said, oh, yeah, Henry Ford and his car gravy.
He loves that shit. We're not talking about... And that was before
cars existed. Right. We don't say they're in the gravy
car. They're not driving the gravy Prius and
getting great gravy mileage. No, they just say
horsepower. They say horsepower, which is a fun
another... We're not actually going to talk about smart shit on the stage, Travis.
We're talking about the gravy train. People say it.
Why, Justin? The weird thing is that the gravy train is good.
Yes. That is the surprising thing. Like, that has pulled into town.
I'm feeling pretty good about this gravy train. It's arrived. That does mean at
some point, somebody had something that could be
referred to as the gravy train and said, thank God. Yes, yes, it's here.
My matcha potatoes are getting extremely cold.
Thank goodness the gravy train has arrived. A butler came in going,
chugga-chugga.
Chugga-chugga. Would master like... Okay, hold on. They don't say the gravy
train car. It's a... Every car in the gravy train
is a gravy train. It's a gravy locomotive. A gravy... A gravy
caboose. Everything is gravy, gravy, gravy, gravy. A
gravy sleeper car. Yes. Slosh, slosh, slosh.
Do any of y'all know why it's gravy train when we say that?
No, but really. Just shout it out all at once.
Because there is a gravy boat. So we're all just saying that constantly and
have no idea what it means. I see someone pointing to
someone. Are you pointing at anyone? Are you a train,
sir? I swear to God. Hey, come here. No, no, no.
If this is a joke, I'm gonna be fucking furious.
Okay, everyone be completely silent. I just wanted you to go, okay.
Yell it. Yell. Yell about gravy trains. Oh, fuck off. No, not what your parents told
you. Unless your parents are gravy train
conductors. No, keep going. Keep going. I want to hear.
So it's the wagon that has all the food in it in like a convoy. Hey, don't you all
clap? No, that was good. Like a wagon train.
And there was one wagon that had all the gravy. The wet brown one
that had all the gravy in it. But here's the thing. That person stood up with
confidence and said that made up bullshit.
And you all tried to clap like we all knew that too.
The next time you fucking join us. What's better?
What they said or the idea of a train that every time it turns a corner a
little bit of gravy sloshes out every window.
Which world would you rather live in? And that's where
corn comes from. Hey, how about another Yahoo? Yeah, I'd
love that. Thank you. So, this one's
presented by Adrian Cowes as well. Thank you, Adrian. It's from Yahoo
Answers user Blue Fox Socks who asks
I wish hot salad existed. Anyone else?
Now, hold on. Hey. Calm down. Let's all open our minds. Let's play in the space.
Yeah, let's check it out. I'm seeing some very enthusiastic thumbs up from a
one to two people in the audience. You're now on a list of my own creation.
I'm sorry. You all also know that like warm spinach
salad is a thing. No, that's nothing. It's not hot though.
To be fair. Yeah, we're talking about a salad that you put in your mouth and go
I do like that they started calling it warm
spinach salad because room temperature spinach salad is
pretty nasty. You know, I actually had one of these
I think last night. Did anyone make you? Well, the nice thing about being on a
cruise ship is you can put fucking anything on a salad. Nobody's
gonna say anything to you. So, I got a regular salad and the lady
looked at me with like pride as I walked away like,
dang, Justin really did a good job. Yeah. What a good salad boy. That's a lot of
cookie points. I'm so proud of him and then as soon as I fucking hove out of
view from her eyesight, I handed my bowl to the person
on the counter is like, can you throw some grits on there please?
Some grits Travis. Grits? Grits for dressing.
It's 2020. I'm changing the game. Grits for dressing. This is from a man
who used to put marinara as dressing. That's old news.
Hey Juice. The new shit is grits on dressing.
Rule of thumb, if you can throw something at a wall
and it sticks there, that's not dressing. Hey Griffin.
Pasta salad. That's a salad not a dressing. That's a salad not a dressing but
good try. Wow. What do you think the next peanut butter dressing?
What's next Juice? What's hot for spring 2020?
You'll have to ask the fine chefs here at the New Amsterdam what they plan on
putting at the bar. They didn't offer grits Justin.
They didn't offer grits. Grits wasn't on the list of dresses.
That was Chez Justine. I love you so much. There is no way that they said
ranch, vinaigrette, grits. Here's the food grits. Here's what
you're gonna give. Do you want some porridge on there baby bear?
Someone from the dive in outside was like, you want a hot dog on it?
We'll blend it up real good. You can sip it in.
We'll put the whole thing in the blender. You won't even have to look at it.
Hey, how you doing grits? How low is the bottom of the barrel?
How about just a bowl full of grits with one spinach on top?
Hun, now you're like a big man. Prove them wrong.
Anything can be a salad. Fuck you. Do you want a big bowl of honey?
Winnie the Pooh. Here's what you get with grits as a dressing.
One, judgment. Two, texture. Three, warmth.
Four, it's everything salad isn't and now they're together.
It fixes both. It's both okay because grits and salad.
Hey listen, if you have synaesthesia, please never eat a grit salad. It sounds
like the worst possible sensory experience.
No, it's good. I can imagine. It had lemonade. I dumped the glass in
and someone paid me three dollars to eat it. My wife asked me where the lettuce
was and I had to look at her honestly and say,
I no longer remember if there's lettuce in here.
Justin, did you eat a bowl of grits? I might have made a KFC famous bowl, sort
of sweetened one, accidentally. I could have sworn I did
get some salad stuff on there. Pretty sure about it.
You know it's bad when you're at the salad bar and you have to point at least
four different things to be like, what's that? I'm not that familiar
with, can I have the little round ones? Do you mean chickpeas? Okay, cool. Yeah, yeah,
yeah, absolutely. Give me those Pac-Man pellets. Yeah, give
me that. Sorry, I messed up in that sense. I'm sorry.
I hope everybody's enjoying the show. I sure am.
And I have bad news for you. While you have been so distracted,
if you will reach up and feel an area of your body that normally grows hair
where you would rather there not be hair, I'll know. There it is.
Oh, I don't worry about that. I'm happy to grow hair all over my body, as anyone
who has seen me at the pool will attest. It's kind of a Rip Van Winkle
situation, but sort of like a small one. You don't have like a full
lush white beard, but it's more just like a
general growth. Oh, this is just my peach fuzz.
I have good news for you, though.
There's razors. Harry's is a company that makes a great shaving experience,
quality, durable blades at a fair price, like two bucks per blade, and they've
cut out the middle person manufacturing blades in their German
blade factory, which is a fine thing to do at a German
blade factory, if you ask me. I'm a layman. They've been hunting
precision blades for a century. You want to try a better shave?
Well, you can get one with Harry's, and you can redeem a trial set at
harrys.com slash my brother. You'll get a weighted
ergonomic handle for a firm grip, five blade razor with a lubricating
strip and trimmer blade, rich, lathering shave gel with aloe to
keep your skin hydrated, and a travel blade to keep your razor
dry and easy to grab on the go. Go to harrys.com, that's h-a-r-r-y-s.com
slash my brother, to start shaving better today. What do
you guys think, which, the people who work at
Harry's, what do you think is their favorite
Wesley Snipes movie? Well, I don't know, Trav, what's your joke?
Blade. Probably Bridges of Madison County. It's Blade. I don't think Wesley Snipes
was in that one, was he? Blade. He played actually the bridge.
What do you think is their favorite Jessica Alba movie?
I think it's Honey.
And listen, we all shop online a lot, and finding promo codes to buy
Jessica Alba's complete movie discography. Is that something, is there a
criterion collection of just Jessica Alba movies of like Honey
and Fantastic Four, and the Alba album? Yes, the Albatross.
Do you think she ever got called the Albatross in high school? Anyways, back to
the back to the copy. It is an easy one. No, this is in the
copy. Holy cow. Yeah, and then talk about Jessica Alba a
lot. Here it says some suggestions. Talk about Jessica Alba,
then it says, bullet point, have you ever noticed how Albatross has Alba in it?
Maybe that's something. God, it was even better the second time,
Justin, wasn't it? So I'm losing it over here. I will take
this ad from you by force, please. I'm begging you. Okay, so finding promo
codes that work isn't easy. Said that.
Unless you use Honey, the free browser extension
backed by PayPal that scans the internet for the best promo codes and
automatically adds them to your cart. Just download Honey to your computer,
shop like normal, click the apply coupons button,
and watch the prices drop. It's 100% free, unlike the movie Honey.
I don't know, maybe it's streaming somewhere. Can you check real quick why
I finished this, Justin? Yeah, sure. I don't want to have to pay to rent
Honey. I mean, at that point, I'd just own it, you know what I mean? Because I'll
watch it enough that would justify buying it,
you know what I mean? Because $3.99 to watch it once or like $12.99 to watch
it whenever I want, it's hard to choose. I've got Honey on
layaway at my local movie store that I've been paying
off for. I'm nearly out of the woods on that one.
You could get it. The juice is running is the problem.
It's $4 on YouTube. Move on. Okay.
Honey, the website is 100% free to use and installs in just a few seconds.
So get Honey, the website, for free at joinhoney.com. It's not a website.
It's a browser extension. The browser extension, not the movie.
I just want to make sure people don't think I'm talking about the movie now.
At joinhoney.com slash brother. That's joinhoney.com slash brother.
And that is to use the browser extension Honey, not to be
in the movie Honey. I just want to make sure that's clear because I've talked a
lot about both in the last couple minutes. If you want to
be in the movie Honey, I'm gonna give you a Bitcoin address
that you will send Bitcoins to and then they will figure out the rest. They will
need a very high-res JPEG of your face in a well-lit environment.
Hey, if you enjoy all these great jokes about Honey that we've been doing
and all the other shows on the MaxFun Network have been doing because we
coordinated it. It's Honey Week, baby. Guess what? MaxFun's running a survey to
help figure out which advertisers are a good fit for our audience.
We are still a, you know, primarily an audience-supported
endeavor and that'll always be the case but advertising can be a very helpful
source of income, especially right now. And the results
of the survey will help us talk to some new advertisers and convince them to
give us a shot because Honey's almost certainly going to pull out after this
one. The survey's short, shouldn't take any
more than 10 minutes. But Jessica Alba might come in. Might come in, might swoop in
there. And it's doing us a big favor. This is
a short survey. It shouldn't take any more than 10 minutes and
we sure would appreciate it. Just go to MaximumFun.org
slash ad survey to fill it out and do it now and you find out which Harry
Potter house you belong to also. Yep. You do it. I'm a
Huffleclaw. That is going to do it for this
interruption. This brief interruption. This brief Honey-centric interruption.
Have you guys seen that? I've never seen the movie. Let's head back to the show.
Video games. Video games. Video games. You like them? Maybe you wish you had more
time for them. Maybe you want to know the best ones to play. Maybe you want to know
what happens to Mario when he dies. In that case, you should check out
TripleClick. It's a brand new podcast about video games. A podcast about video
games? But I don't have time for that. Sure you do.
Once a week, kick back as three video game experts give you everything from
critical takes on the hottest new releases,
to scoops, interviews, and explanations about how video games work,
to fascinating and sometimes weird stories about the games we love.
TripleClick is hosted by me, Kirk Hamilton. Me, Jason Schreier. And me,
Maddie Myers. You can find TripleClick wherever you get your podcasts and listen
at MaximumFun.org. Bye!
Here's a yahoo that was sent in by Adrienne Cowles. Thank you, Adrienne.
Sometimes if you've never watched our show or listened to it,
if you've watched our- if you've never listened to our show but you watched our
short-lived CSO production, you don't exist. If you're one of the many people who never
watched our TV show. Okay, Adrienne Cowles sent this in. It is
by Blue Fox Socks who asks,
do pizza chefs ever hate their creations?
What an oddly specific question. Say a pizza chef
really hated putting pineapple on pizza. Would they be ashamed of making that
pizza if it was ordered? Would they even have pineapple on the menu?
Or would they suck it up? Well, rarely does a- okay, if we're
talking about like, uh, say, uh, Little Caesars. Yeah.
The pizza chef at Little Caesars does not own Little Caesars. Okay, that's fair,
Travis, but I would argue the pizza chef at Little Caesars hates
every pizza that they're sending out. That's the thing is, you bring up the
idea of like, I had to put a combination of these that I didn't like, as opposed
to just the chef finishing the pizza going,
I fucked that up. Yeah, but I'm stuck on Little Caesars, Travis, because in your
mindscape, I want to undercover boss a Little
Caesars with you, because you imagine there will be at least
one of these franchises where you dip into the back room and see somebody like
I'm going to work hard on this and get sweaty and sell it for
five dollars. I have to believe that of all the Little
Caesars across this great planet of ours, in Little
Caesars in, say, America, Canada, Italy,
that there is one chef who's like, another masterpiece.
This question does... I'm so glad I went to the cordon bleu.
This, uh, this, uh, why did they name the cordon bleu after chicken cordon
bleu? That's confusing. It's confusing as all get out. They
teach you to make other things there. Did you know that? Anyway, everything that
actually comes out of there is, hamburger, cordon bleu, only the chicken
stuck. This question does raise an
interesting sort of moral quandary, and that is to say,
if a chef gets an order for an immoral pizza and they still,
like, I'm saying specifically something with perhaps pineapples
or cheese and pineapple, Canadian bacon,
Canadian bacon, which is ham, we all know that, if they get an order for an
immoral pizza and they make it, they're complicit, right?
They should walk, they should, they carry some of that stain,
perhaps literally. Yes. What if someone says, uh, just hold the cheese,
hold the pepperoni, add sauce and jalapenos, and hold the crust.
So you're envisioning the chef sort of holding all these things.
And it was just a box of sauce and jalapenos.
I would love a five dollar, hot and ready, just come breathe in my face a little
bit. Yeah. What if, what if someone said with
extra arsenic? What the chef would say? Oh, Trav, this is a
good start of a riddle, dude. Yeah, is that murder? Can the cop, the cop
would be like, that's a murder you did, and then you'd be
like, he asked for arsenic, then what?
And he stood on a block of ice. Yes.
While grocery shopping recently, I gave in to temptation and threw a box of
chocolate peanut butter pie Oreos in my cart. What, can you say those words again?
Hey, let the, let the wiki show, I said all those words right on the first try.
Good job. Yes, but they were all, they were all very confusing ideas. A box of
chocolate peanut butter pie Oreos in my cart. Two aisles later,
I shed the rest of my dignity and ripped open the packaging. Then, anytime I was
alone in an aisle, I would pop one in my mouth. I made it to the checkout
line, and when the teenage cashier got to the
open package of Oreos, they exclaimed, wow, you must have been hungry.
Before I could finish paying, they commented. If a human being said those
words to me, I'd melt into a puddle. Yeah. Before I could
finish paying, they then commented that their dad would have never
opened snacks in the store, and I must be a cool dad.
I am a childless 25-year-old man.
How do I atone for my voyeuristic Oreo eating behaviors, or have I been
punished enough? Okay, first of all, it's
exhibitionist Oreo eating behaviors. Yes. You weren't watching other people eat
Oreos, so let's get that. Although, I bet you're
just a few keystrokes away on youtube.com
from enjoying that very specific kink. I would argue that the person who
commented, my dad would never let me do that, you must be a cool dad.
Maybe that moment has nothing to do with you whatsoever. Yeah, I think they were
just wanting to share a little bit about their dad.
Is the boat moving the table, or are we just leaning
hard? Yeah, I'm leaning both. I want every inch of this show. Maybe the rest of that sentence was,
and will you be my dad and watch me eat Oreos?
I am confused by a strange part of this question.
Okay. Of seeing somebody at the store eating Oreos and saying, boy, you must
have been hungry, as if Oreos is something you eat
to satisfy a powerful hunger. Okay, all right, okay,
did you want them to just start gnawing on some
like dry fettuccine? Like, what do you want?
Did you want them to, not specifically targeted at you, I'm sorry, I could pick
anything, but like... Nobody's ever been like,
it's dinner time,
I have a hamburger here, I also, ooh, these Oreos would
fill me right up. Okay, hold on, stop, no, wait, they're at the grocery store,
they don't have a hamburger here. What I, let me frame this better.
If I was this cashier and somebody came through and
had an open thing of Oreos, my response would be,
wow, Oreos sure taste good, huh? It would not be,
boy, those will fill you right up like food does at a meal.
Yeah, but you wouldn't, yeah, you wouldn't say anything.
If you watched someone eat 10 Oreos, you wouldn't assume,
I bet they weren't hungry. That's a wild thing to say though. Because I'm pretty
sure in the question it said, an empty pack of Oreos. You can have a
hunger for lots of things, and sometimes you have a hunger for Oreos.
I'm sure they would have loved to have a nice sit-down meal with some grilled
asparagus. Yeah, and a... Does anybody understand the point I'm
trying to make, or am I? No, I, listen, I understand what you're
saying, but I think what you were ignoring is, I am a
human being in the world, who exists in society,
if I saw anybody eat anything, even if it was asparagus and steak or whatever, I
wouldn't say, you must be hungry, because that person's
a monster. Yeah. Like, walk, okay, tomorrow, everyone in this room,
walk around the Lido Market tomorrow. Hungry, hungry, hungry, hungry. You must be hungry.
Because the answer is always, yeah. Yeah, for sure. And here's a sneak peek,
I'm gonna be hungry again in six hours. Catch me then,
for a new meal called dinner. I'll be there.
I think the better, what they should have said is, oh, someone wants to be
shoplifting. Oh, someone's doing a bit of tummy
smuggling. So you don't sell these Oreos by weight.
Okay, I'll take my business and my Oreos elsewhere.
Hi, I don't think I want to buy these Oreos. I tried 10 of them, and I don't
like them. I thought they were regular, but they
taste like peanut butter. They taste too much, there's too much peanut butter and
too much chocolate. It's just overall too flavorful.
I want my money back. I didn't buy them, my mistake.
Goodbye, you'll never see me again. Oh no, I brought these Oreos from home.
I need to, don't get freaked out if I run as fast as I can
out of the store. It's part of my exercise I do. I left my money in the
car.
Hey, here's a Yahoo that was sent in by approximately
every living human being on the planet. It's asked by an anonymous Yahoo answers
user who I'm going to call Jambus. Jambus asks,
horse funeral supplies?
Where can I buy horse funeral supplies? Big box store.
We did it. America, we did it.
There's only three people that have stood up to leave the room. No,
four. Okay, bye. Still a good job. Catch the rest of it. Yeah, we usually turn the
house lights off so we don't get real-time data. But this is good.
This is theater of the mind. No, Travis, it is not. This is theater of
the watching the analytics as they happen. We can pretend the
balcony is ride or die. It's all full. It's done.
See, a big... To be fair, it's not like the ship was sold out.
Oh, no. Hey, so like a big box store. I should explain it. Yeah. Anyway, a
big box store, but also a big box is like for a
horse's coffin. Yeah. Imagine a horse has died. You didn't
care about it personally. How do I get my co-workers to compliment
me on my leftovers? One of my co-workers often gets
compliments on the leftovers he brings for lunch like,
ooh, that looks good and that smells nice.
Whereas, you know, compliments. You know, compliments. Ooh, food. Whereas, I get
none. I pride myself on being a good cook and
I'd like some validation from my peers. How do I make my famous chili look as
delicious as it tastes? Doesn't sound like it's very famous,
this chili. And it doesn't seem about looks. Who is ever... Like, it's mostly
about smell, right? Smell, yeah. Because no
matter how good it looks, if you're like, oh, that's a good looking dish,
it smells like shit. Yeah, especially chili. All chili more or less looks the
same. I need to huff it to know. That looks like a mistake you made by
blending ingredients together. Oh, a beans mistake.
Let me huff it. That's good. It might also be...
There's a possibility that your co-worker's food is
so bad that the other co-workers are saying,
that looks great. Oh, it's reaction formation. Yeah, you say the opposite of...
Yeah, that makes sense. Oh, good job. Might I suggest a little garnish? Just a little green.
A little bit of green. And thus, receive him king.
Just a little bit of garnish on there can relate. Maybe some
scallions? Or... Like fresh scallions from your office box?
From your desk drawer? If you saw someone pull out
a container of Tupperware chili and taped to it
was a small envelope of scallions, that is something you would comment on.
That person needs you to compliment their chili.
It's extremely important. And they just start narrating
in the moment, like, and I'm just gonna microwave this at three minutes on high.
Oh, a little bit of sour cream on there. Cut up scallions. Voila!
I did it. It doesn't look good. It's chili. Yeah. No one's ever gonna
look at your stinky bean soup and say, hmm, looks good. There's a thousand
recipes for chili. You know what that means? Chili is a food
that you cook by, I don't know, it's just what I had. I put it all in a bowl and
cooked it for a long time and now it's chili, I suppose.
No one's ever gonna say, hmm, looks good. They're gonna say, looks like you had
those ingredients handy. Is it? There is a moment in every chili
cook's life where they said, I think this is chili.
Yeah, I think I did chili. Is it possible that maybe we could glow
up the container that the chili is brought into the building? Maybe it's
just a, maybe it's a sight lines thing, right? You
carry a bowl of chili into a building. Who the fuck are you? What is that? That's
a bowl of chili. Get it out of my sight. A red wagon
full of chili. A radio flyer wagon. Full of chili. Full of chili. How have
you protected the radio flyer? Uh, yeah, good question,
Justin. How have we protected and captured the smell inside of the wagon?
You stupid idiot. No, I'm just saying, I feel like if you
tried to dump a bunch of chili into a wagon, it would fall right out.
All right. Open your mind, Justin. I'm asking you to open your mind. It's thick
chili. It's thick chili and there's no chili. It's solid chili. It's frozen in a
block. There's no chili thick enough to not
slip between the cracks in a red rider wagon. Thank you for asking.
My chili. It's Griffin's problem to solve. You don't have to help him.
It was Griffin's bad idea. You don't have to fix this. But I'm going to shark tank it.
Griffin, how do you keep the chili in the wagon? You're right. I'm sorry.
What if you carry it into the office one handful at a time?
Dump it right on your desk. Leave. Dump more. Next handful. This will take all day.
You will not be paid for your work on this day.
Oh. Maybe if you wrote on the package, Nana's last chili.
But then you kept bringing it in every Friday.
Yeah. To a point where they're like, should we still be having it?
Eventually someone will call you on it and be like, no, no, no. It's a chili
starter.
You call yourself a chef.
This question comes to us from someone here on your team.
The short version is their mom sends them
a lot of things in the mail. So she sends me cutouts from magazines,
old bottles, junk mail from my high school.
I'm 33 and haven't been back to high school since 2006.
That's true of most people. Yeah, it would be weird to go back to your high school.
A lot of people don't go back and they're like, you know what? Let me try math
again. I'm gonna do math again. Unless you're dreaming, that does
happen to me a lot. Sometimes it's even things that she found around the house
that just made her quote, think of me. And she always puts a little
note in the box or letter that says, just look at it and then throw it away.
I've asked her to stop sending me what is essentially trash,
but she won't. Brothers, how do I keep my mom to stop
turning my mailbox into a garbage can? That's from trying to keep it clean.
Kelly, Kelly are you here? Your mom thinks you're garbage.
Your mom is burning you left and right.
I saw this garbage and thought of you.
Go back to high school. It's nice that you do have a permission slip to not
care about something that your parents have sent you is always
a real relief. That would be nice if dad when he texts me like, hey do you remember
Jim Johnson? He died. If the rest of that text was,
and I don't expect you to care about it at all.
Your dentist's uncle died, but it's fine. It's fine. Ignore this. But hey,
it's chill. Keep doing what you're doing. I realized that you had no personal
attachment to it whatsoever. I just needed to use up some minutes I
had on my phone. This is a test and if you've actually
been throwing these things away, I regret to inform you you have been
failing the test catastrophically. She's gonna come to your house and be like
where's the bottle? Oh. Just, she may not even say anything. You will just see her
looking around. No, it is for a scrapbook of some sort.
I would throw it in the trash without opening it because that way there's no
guilt. It's kind of a Schrodinger's trash situation.
Maybe it was good, maybe it was bad. You'll live with the mystery and you
won't live with the trash. Unless. But what if? Unless. Unless.
Unless. Oh is it mine? I said but it and that's nothing.
No, unless it is possible. Does your mom ever send you like just $100 bills
because they don't do Justin's thing. I was going to say
a check. There was a story that we heard in church
literally monthly about someone getting a Bible as a gift for graduation
and then throwing it away and they left a hot check for a hundred dollars in the
Bible. Like literally, monthly we're hearing
this story like don't throw away the Bibles that your dad gets you.
Don't throw away any Bible. It could have a check for a hundred dollars in it.
What's great about that is that literally the pastor is saying
normally it's worthless but maybe there is secret money in it.
Which way you look like a dick. Yeah, I probably look like a real
goober at every hotel that I went to that had a Gideon's in the jar.
The Mormons love Gideon's. You had a very straightforward national
treasure experience. Flip, flip, flip, adventure over.
All that lesson I taught you is look in the Bible
before you throw it away. Hello, I'd like to be moved.
Hotel rooms please. 16 times if possible. I have very
exacting standards. I'll be honest with you, I've used the Bible up.
Hey, this Bible's empty. This Bible empty. Next room. Another one
of these calls.
I want to munch, squad. Boy, I want to munch, squad.
So this is Munch Squad. It's a podcast within the podcast that profiles the
latest and greatest in brand eating. Oh, Juice, you actually just did the Munch
Squad with your wild salad. Hey, welcome to Justin Brand Eats.
Prepare your proposal. Pepsi debuts diamond engagement ring made
with crystal Pepsi. Consumers can enter to win a sustainably made ring via
social media. Oh, thank God. Yeah, thank God this one crystal Pepsi
ring was sustainably made. That should fix everything. Thank you, Pepsi.
You fixed it all. That sweet young girl can retire now.
She put her feet up, go fishing. Yeah. Pepsi fixed everything with its one
sustainable crystal Pepsi diamond. For people about to pop the question,
Pepsi has introduced an unusual new engagement ring. The beverage company
has debuted the Pepsi engagement ring made with one big difference. This
diamond is infused with crystal Pepsi. Fuck off.
Just hear me out, Trav. How do you infuse a diamond with the... Oh, my God.
Let me see your ring. It's got... If you think I'm not going to
detail exactly how this is happening, you're wrong. Okay, let's let him
get through it. Yes, this is my great-grandpa's ring.
The brand is asking fans on Twitter to tweet their most creative, bold, or
bizarre proposal ideas with the brand's social handle and
hashtag's hashtag Pepsi proposal. Okay, so Pepsi worked with a creative
agency that I will not name because they don't get the free publicity
to create the ring. It says here McElroy Brothers industry. Oh, no.
So, according to the brand, the ring was made by boiling down Pepsi's clear
beverage to its most basic carbon form, resulting in a powder. This
powder was then added to the process for creating a lab-grown diamond,
which requires using a small piece of natural diamond that is placed in
the carbon under high-pressure temperature.
Quick aside. They figure out how to make diamonds? Because why are we making this
fucking podcast? I thought only Superman could make
diamonds. We could just go and make diamonds, boys.
Sell them on a cruise ship, I guess. Not everything that can be made by man
no longer has value. You'll see that point. No, listen to podcasts.
Yeah, that's fucking true. So, okay, I could have stopped there and it would
have been pretty terrible, but I thought, wait a minute, you just
gave me the hashtag. So, let me get up on Twitter and see what
we're doing. Let me see what's cooking. So, here's some proposal ideas that
people sent to the brand Pepsi. Fluffy said, up in a hot air balloon, a
daybreak.
Sure, cool. That sounds good. Creative. Julie tweeted this
to Pepsi. I would invite you out for a picnic,
Pepsi, the brand. I'd spread the tablecloth out on the
ground and reach in the picnic basket and pull out a Pepsi
and then set the Pepsi engagement ring next to it and ask the question.
April followed up just moments after, tweeting directly at Pepsi,
I'd love to get engaged to Pepsi. Folks, you're not marrying Pepsi. Wait, hold on,
Justin. Aren't they? You're not. I would get,
Dennis said, I would get down, this is all caps,
I would get down on my knee and propose very loud so she can hear me with my
crystal Pepsi ring. Why? Because she's 300 feet away.
As is legally binding. Yeah. Mikey said, well, I gotta find that love.
Oh, Mikey. Oh, no. Hey, so Mikey's here tonight if anyone's...
I gotta find a love who loves cherry Pepsi as much as me.
Winky face? I don't think so, Mikey. Yeah, it's not a cherry, it's not a cherry
Pepsi diamond. Yeah, and I don't think that winky, that's
a ring pop. Go to the beach with her and hand her,
while on one knee, a cherry Pepsi with this awesome ring
around the straw and say, will you marry me?
Hey, like, it's so weird that you got the soda wrong, Mikey, that I'm going to move
on instantly. Then William burst through the
door. Please permanently bring back Pepsi
holiday spice as an annual tradition or rename it
Pepsi Spice and keep it permanently. And then William departs. How romantic.
William jumps out the window. That, no, that's how he'd propose.
Uh, Liu just... I will! Liu just tweeted a still image of Medea.
So I don't know, I don't know exactly what the plan is, but it's just a single
still image of Medea. It's what I've been waiting for since I was a little child.
Omar says, how would I do it? Hmm, probably like James Bond.
Pull up in an Aston Martin. Act like someone or something is in danger.
Get her into the car and drive to the beach. Then Pepsi responded to
that one and said, hashtag sounds cool to us. What the fuck, Pepsi?
It sounds cool for the person to drive up, pretend like someone's
in danger. You know that great scene in every James Bond movie
where he pulls up in a car, he's like, uh, your dog
has... Imagine it like this. Griffin is my love. Screech!
Someone's gonna die! Oh no, I'll get in the car with you.
Anyways, I love Pepsi. Do you forever? Pepsi sounds cool to us. Kim said, I would
say as I got down on one knee, you're as beautiful as the sound of opening
Pepsi. You're as sweet as the taste of Pepsi,
and I like Pepsi. I want you to know that I have you
forever. Will you be mine forever and ever until
the end of time? Sure, Kim, that sounds nice. Stephen
swoops in.
Traditional on one knee in place of particular interests to myself and my
S.O. Crowds are unnecessary. Photography is
required. And then I'd kill both of you. Yeah, hey
Stephen, that sucks. Like, all of that energy that you just
brought to a single tweet really stinks, and I hope that Pepsi throws this ring
in the trash as a result. I hope that Pepsi passes that tweet
onto the FBI. Yeah, that person should be on a watch list. I hope whoever gets
proposed to with the Pepsi ring says, do you have coke?
That's gonna do it for us here. My brother, my brother, and me,
thank you so much for coming.
Let's see, there's some, oh god, this is crass, but I'm
Travis. There's merch up there. We have the
Adventure Zone graphic novel. We have some
Cruise inspired pins of our faces where we're in
jaunty sailor caps. Yes. We're going to be doing a second
shot. A lot of different things, yeah. We're doing a signing where we'll be
signing the Avengers Zone or whatever the hell you want to bring.
Yeah, look for it in the schedule because we don't know where it is.
I've got a Disney sing-along coming up on Thursday.
Hey, and thank you to everybody, thank you to Jekyll and Cruise for having us.
This is the best week. And thank you to Mike and Joyelle for
their opening. Oh yes, they were so good. Thanks
also to John Rodgick, the long winners for their theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
And I know what you're wondering, isn't John Roddick on this boat? Why isn't he
here? He's doing the intro song for another
podcast on the other end of the boat. Yeah.
It's so embarrassing. If you've never heard our show,
we have one ending question that Griffin reads, and it's a final Yahoo,
and it's one that we think about and come back in the next episode and kind
of discuss our thoughts on. Yes, a few people sent this one in. Oh, so this is
fun. We'll get to talk about it in like an hour. Yeah, sure.
A few people sent this one in. It's from Yahoo Answers user Big Frog who asks,
who else thought Alvin, parentheses, Alvin and the Chipmunks,
was an asshole?
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm Griffin McElroy. This has been
My Brother, My Brother, Me, Kiss Your Dad Square on the Lips.
Maximum fun dot org. Comedy and culture. Artist owned. Audience supported.
