The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better, it's better with you
It's better, it's better with you
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me the advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
And I am Travis the smooth
I and this is Griffin McElroy the sweet baby brother, but that's not important
What is important is happy birthday to all the presidents. Oh
Happy birthday to all of the presidents who all got together and said wouldn't it kick total ass if we all had
The same birthday and we called it Presidents Day and we just ripped shit up
and had ourselves a good time because just a time to put partisan politics aside and
Rip shit up rip shit with parties in politics. Yeah, there it goes
the only political parties I want to hear about are the ones with beer and babes and
We got a big pile of living presidents to fucking rock out with their cocks out to all
All of them great. No notes. Yep. Well, no, there's lots of real dookie shitheads in there, but I mean
We're out. We're out here
They know how to party unlike any other person on earth because they've know they've had the nuclear codes and so they know they've partied
With the aliens at Club 51. They've got it all baby. Who's all still alive?
I bet it was weird for Abe Lincoln when they gave him the nuclear codes and he's like what the fuck are these for?
What am I supposed to do with this? You'll find out
But they told George Washington, here's the football and he's like what is football? What does that even mean?
It's context. I don't understand any of the words. I'm gonna be honest. I'm confused by the case
It's in is this metal? What the fuck?
Anyway, metal wasn't invented. Well, they definitely weren't making briefcases out of it. If metal was invented yet
Why is he gots with teeth? Thank you. He could have metal chompers like jaws. That's a little
Presidential trivia. It's from you know what it is at that point Justin metal teeth were unprecedented
You know what's funny about the president? Hey Justin, what the fuck?
unprecedented
Cuz he was a president. You didn't have to stop the flow. Yeah, but Justin just went right over it
Okay, there's two different kinds of bits in this world trap
There's the ones that you drive by and wave at though
There's the ones that are you park and you have a little picnic outside of them, but that was not a picnic joke
He didn't even huff at it or nothing, but if I stop and park the car at your joke
Yeah, it's gonna make people think that you don't have those all the time
But with your rapidity, you know what I mean? Yeah
In quality and quantity, I mean they're all good girl good
Baseline, you know, yeah
This fucking Wikipedia article with all the presidents and it doesn't tell me which ones have biffed it
Which one guess who is best and who is unbiffed and it sucks cuz I like want to talk about this
I want to talk about this stuff. I know Ronald Reagan famously best
Can I tell you them the one that always gets me Jimmy Carter Jimmy Carter unbiffed?
Badland hookworms building houses beaten ass beaten ass beaten ass worm ass, you know the good thing about you
Know this thing that I like about the US presidents. What is it? They've all been good. Yeah, no notes
I would say El Presidente you're getting it done. I would say me and maybe you know
Their birth shared
Communal birthdays not the best dated sort of past judgment. Yeah, but I would say a couple of them have been real stinkers
Oh, there are other thing about them is that they're all from Ohio
Yeah, you guys heard this
Cincinnati Joe
Joe is one of the greatest traveling presidents. Oh, okay
Yeah, we have a president of the rails and then the home president and there's one president that gets out there and gets it done
It's like, you know how baseball teams have like home uniforms and away uniforms
We have a home president and away president got away president never gets talked about it on these guys
I'd like to I wish they would get away. Oh, wow, Justin. It's their birthday. It's their birthday, dude
And was that these guys I wish they'd get away from me and my family and my guns
Wait, are they near your family? What president is near your family? I just like him to stay out of my business
You know citizen someone's fucked up guys. I'm still looking at this Wikipedia article. We've had like a group of presidents and
Most of them are most of them are dead. Yeah. Yeah, so it's like basically
Yeah, maybe this is the most dangerous. I know cops is always out there saying like or jobs the most dangerous. Uh
Uh looking at the stats. I think it might be presidents because we've had almost 50 of them and like
45 of them left a long time ago. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Yep. Some of them pretty
Like quickly, I was like in office. Yeah, I'm just saying that's eerie right? What are the odds?
Yeah, I'm finally president
I'd like to be president someday, but yeah
Do you think my birthday is not that day so like I can't do you are you have been in Ohio for quite a while
That is true. That is true. I do appreciate it. Thank you for that vote of confidence you guys saying I would make
Well, that's the only vote you'd get from me
You're my brother. You're my blood Justin. I would be such a good president brother
Don't you think that I would be a good like first brother black sheep like oh, yeah
That's the one that makes beer or gross peanuts or whatever. These guys are doing
Hey, how dare you assume that if any one of us became president?
I wouldn't be the black sheep, but even if I was president they'd be like he's also the black sheep brother
Thank you very much. I have purple hair Justin. I'm edgy
Okay, fucking jughead. I'm the edgy one. I'm a weirdo. I'm a weirdo
Don't you see that my hair is not a natural human color. It's not a normal color
This isn't a color. I was born without the womb Justin. I chose this
I'm a guy who makes choices. I'm edgy
anyway
Happy birthday, everyone
I do think it is fucked up that this holiday did start off as a celebration of George Washington's birthday, which is February 22nd
but then at some point people were like
You sorry George. You got to share it. You got to share it with everyone today there. What are we doing this year?
When we sell I'm not gonna lie this fucking sucks
Suck shit. Missed it by a day this year. We're almost on top of it again, Georgie boy. I'm so sorry
Happy belated birthday. Happy belated birthday to all the presidents
William McKinley. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, our McKinley-est president
Grover Cleveland?
That was pretty good. Yeah, I do a pretty kick-ass Grover. I do an okay Elmo. I do an okay Rutherford B. Hayes
Can we hear it?
I'm Rutherford B. Hayes
And I'm a president
I'm the president that um, hold on
Hold on. Let me Google. Just a moment, please. Uh-oh. I didn't do
Let me see
No, how'd we do just looking over this?
Mmm, his critics to write his leniency toward the former Confederate states and his withdrawal of federal support for African Americans voting and civil rights
Okay, never mind. I'm a big shithead
I'm a real piece of shit
I'm a real dick. Anyway, happy birthday to B
Can we start this show now?
We already did, bud. This is it. Your whole Rutherford B. Hayes bit is in there. Yeah, I wanted
This is not a bit. I just I saw this earlier this morning on Facebook. Thank you for clarifying that
This isn't a bit, Justin. This isn't a bit. I don't have like a whole bunch of funny things to say about it
I literally just wanted to tell you to and if the listener listening audience enjoys it
That's that's their business. It's not it's not mine. I just want to share with you guys
I saw the most West Virginia. Well one of the most like West Virginia headlines
On Facebook today breaking 13 news has learned that the current and former
Owners of the Charleston Town Center and the city of Charleston are being sued by the developer of the future hotel in the old Sears
Building. Oh boy. It's just that's that's us. That's us there, baby
That's everybody suing everybody in the future hotel of the old Sears Building. Yeah, buddy. I love it
I wish it was a futuristic hotel
Same thing Justin
Just a big cube
Yeah, I'd love that. Um, I
May I permission to speak from the heart fellas? Yeah, sure
Um, so last week I did a riddle me piss. Yeah, and
Some folks made me cognizant of the fact that I had
Used that in the past episode 511. Yeah
That's not even that long. It's not that long ago. I was flabbergasted to find that out
And honestly, it made me moist and I don't want to obfuscate the point. Oh, no, I'm feeling
very exotic and actually substitute in actually apologizing for something you can't
make up for it by doing a much worse thing. And I want to postulate before you
Listen, honestly, I'm feeling very perspicacious right now. Justin, not at all. I'm a little bit ornery. Is there a way to mute him?
I like it now. I bring you I bring you this corduroy and this oubliette and I hope that you accept this ephemera
As my sincere globular. Okay. And and listen, I'm spackled over here
You know what I mean? And I hope that you all can widdershins me
That we can you know move past this can we just as long as we are lifting the fucking riddle me piss Jersey up to
The Raptors, which is what we're not. Oh, no, no, no
You actually I locked it I super glued it to the fucking ceiling
So as long as we've got those sort of just shut down with a crossbow
Hell yeah, it's falling as long as we got the rig out that we use for lifting jerseys up to the rafters
Can we go ahead and just hook?
Sad libs up on there, too. Oh my god. That was a sad libs. I didn't even notice Griffin. Oh, wow
You know, I guess it just it comes so naturally, you know
What sucks is we actually have a real announcement, which is that in our sad sack state last week crying about smartless beating our asses
Up and down the street. We didn't talk very much about our live show that we have coming up this this week. Yeah
Yeah, it's this week. You can get tickets at bit.ly slash
Bim-bam virtual is February 26 and tickets are 10 bucks a pop and we'll have a video on demand for two weeks after so come
Out and do and join us. We haven't done this in a couple months
And it's like a very fun time asking has been one this Griffin in very good sales job
So now he really missed it. I he biffed it. I want to say that these things are always wild
They're always fun. The more people that are there
You feel the energy in the crowd. It gets trending people are tweeting about what they're seeing
yeah, we'll have a lots of
Great surprises that tribes been working on and I'm
Fuck I gotta go guys. I'm gonna do a fucking backflip. I'm not doing any no characters
There won't be any Richard stink so that if that's a plus for you
You got that to look forward to oh, you know what I could do
I could do with musical guest and have the video clips play
Yeah, I like that
Please come please
Amanda got mad at us because we didn't talk about it last week when there were only two weeks to push it and we fucked
It up so bad. We feel really guilty. So if you go buy a ticket or two, that would be badass anyway
So this is a this is an advice show, I mean, I don't know how else to say it. Yeah, there it is
You know what? I mean? This is an advice show. Let's lay all our cards on the table. What does it say?
It's an advice show across all the cards gin
begin
When you're ready
Now Justin in your own time just if you would do your slate
Please announce who you are. What pieces you'll be doing
Hi
My name is Justin McElroy. I'll be doing a
Place don't say you'll be doing it. That makes it sound a little bit perverted if you could use a different
Yeah, it makes it sound like you're gonna try and have sex. I'll be I'll be humping this question
That's a little bit worse. So I work at a fancy legal office and I have to commute by bus
Say Boston legal we get it. We know where it is
You work with Denny Crane
Why do I know that?
There's so much shit you don't know Travis
Because the other day I was talking about how Boston legal and Boston public are in the same Boston verse
But Boston common is not and that makes me really mad. Sorry, go on
Just go on I'm fairly new and not used to the 8 to 5 grind yet
So I find myself staying up far too late to be waking up at 645 every day and then getting to work exhausted now
I haven't finished this question, but so far there's a pretty good. Yeah answer for this
Yeah, I have an hour lunch break and really want to take a nap
Yes, would it be inappropriate to stack boxes in my cubicle to hide in and get some sleep?
I worry that someone might see me in there, but I'm just so tired right now
I decay if I can make it through the day, please help us from pooped in Portland now
Listen, I've just been pointed out
Obviously obviously we could say go to bed earlier, but that's not one like that's not fun
And also like when you read when you reach a certain age
No amount of sleep is enough to get you through the day, right? Yeah
You could go to sleep right after you got up and you'd be tired
and it's also completely arbitrary because you'll also have days where you sleep for five hours and you wake up and you feel
Incredible and then you'll have days where you sleep nine hours and you feel like some sort of corpse person
Because the weird thing is your body has these weird cycles
But you don't fucking know when they are and you're in no control of it
And it's like oh you woke up in the middle one. I'm like, okay. Well whose fault is that?
Yeah, this is why this is why so many people have endorsed polyphasic sleep. Yes
Where you'll chunk it out you get some 90 minutes polyphasic sleep is my favorite thing to talk about and never do
Yep, so you do like sleep for 90 minutes and then you're up. Who's that creeper on the house at 430?
Well, it's Justin who's that taking a nap at 1130 during the morning meeting? That's Justin
He sleeps for 90 minutes and he's up for a while polyphasic sleep now
I'm of two minds in the actual question here and I want you guys to gut check where you're at
I don't think there's anything wrong with taking a nap on your lunch break. That's your time
I think the problem is location location location, right? Yeah, right
I think you need to find within any office or warehouse or I don't care where it is
There is a location that somebody knows about
That's like the comfy spot where everyone sneaks away to nap. Well, I wouldn't want a nap
I wouldn't want a nap in the spot where everyone goes to nap
Do you know like I that's not necessarily something I want to share with my peers. Mmm. That's fair
I don't at the same time. I feel like if somebody is ever like, you know
Reorganizing the office and they move a file cabinet and then there's like a fucking
Shawshank Redemption hole in the wall with like some some pillows and
Newspapers in there you they would that is no good man. If somebody's
Nest your Bruno nest has been discovered. You can't stay in there. No nest. Yeah
It's inappropriate
But I think if you just go to sleep on your fucking desk head down and if anybody walks in and it's like hey
Wake up leave that job. Oh, you know what?
We haven't done this in a while. What would a sign help? Oh
Seeping seeping because that's the problem right they come by they see you laying down
They're like gosh shirking their duties, but if you have a sign that's like this is my lunch break
This is how I choose to use it Derek. Yeah, right. Like what are they gonna do?
Yeah, I ate so fast Eric and I have to sleep
I eat while I type out my reports so that I can have a snooze arena and it says all of this
There's like eight pieces. It's a daisy wheel printer. Just like yeah now all lined up and there's still reading it
By the time you wake up. That was my shit
I would eat lunch while I had like
Library duty during like third period in middle school and then when lunchtime came around I could keep hanging out in the library
Yeah, that's a sad story
Anyway, hey, do you guys want to approach the wizard?
Whatever you do. Yes, don't nap in the break room. Well, no
Just stop napping no what
Yes, don't nap get out of here. You're you're up to it. Okay, you're having trouble going to sleep on time
So you can't yeah, it hurts to wake up at 645 you take a nap. You're continuing that terrible cycle break it
All right tired and then go to bed at night. No
Yes, mr. Polyphasic sleep who then turns around says, you know what though?
Hey, forget everything. I said don't nap. No, don't nap. Oh
Justin polyphasic sleep is just grown-up nap time. No, I don't endorse polyphasic sleep. It's just it may sound like you did
Normal time if you see Jimmy Fallon, you've gone too far. Yeah, that's it. Go to bed all the time. Wake up in all the time
Okay, so just just go to sleep at a normal time
Stop napping your day away. Oh my god, if the digital clock has four numbers on it
You know, there's love napping and it drives me fuck love napping
They'll be at my home having a family visit and they're like, well
That's the cuckoo clock on the wall says it's time for me to get my jammies and have a little nap nap
Yeah, and it's like come on, but you're together. We're having fun. Stop fucking napping
But you're willfully refusing to do it so that you can be unhappy for the rest
No, you do it one time and I one time and then you're on a good schedule
I think it's pretty fucked up whenever we're like partying and then you're like we need to eat
We haven't eaten in 14 hours because you won't stop partying and I'm like rude much
Right trying to fulfill your body's needs while I'm trying to fucking party with you
I also when we're all hanging out as a family and you're like, well 730 p.m. Time for beddy-bye and I'm like what?
I'm Justin's favorite game Justin's favorite game to play when we're all hanging out of this family is he waits until somebody is on their
Phone and then get gets to get this really slam them for it. Like yeah, we're only so rarely
I think that's what gives you guys are addicted to your devices. You're just constantly
Well, I'm just talking to my real friends and the babes
Yeah, okay
Yeah, okay. So you're going to
Do a wizard of the cloud. I think we should definitely do that. Okay
All right. So this one is sent in by a lot of people. So thank you to everybody for your contributions
It's like they built a human staircase leading up to the Wizards
The wizard would love that
Yep, what's the pulp no pupit that's where he turns into a boot or fly
So this is how to prank in school school gets boring sometimes
So if you want to liven up a few pranks who could blame you? Thank you someone who catches you doing well
No, even that man. Okay. The question is driven and we haven't gotten into I'm sure we will but when it comes to you
Well, they blame you are they lovable pranks or are they like, oh, that's what I think
Well, they they run the gamut trap using your school supplies
It's a fun way to get started or you could just prank friends with food tricks or electronic tricks
Tronic trick, that's great. That's like Mysterio
Whenever anonymous drones involved whenever anonymous is in the news again, like oh shit. They leaked all the Pentagon's shit
I'll be like what an electronic trick. That's a great electronic trick. They oh no
Someone stole my identity and took all my bitcoins. What a brutal electronic trick bunch of stinkers
With blockchain it would be really difficult for someone to steal
Yeah, damn, you're right Trev. That's a good enough reason for me to put all my money into cyber coin
Just like a bronze said to do
Yeah, Super Bowl using school supplies replace correcting fluid with lip tint
So there's some fucked up. Yeah white out with oh
Lip tint, I guess lip smackers lip smackers thoroughly clean out a bottle of correcting fluid then snip off the brush glue in an old
Lip tint applicator and pour lip tint into the bottle when your friend tries to borrow it. They'll be really confused
I mean that seems like a lot of work for a little payoff
Mmm, or even better payoff would be like while your friend's looking pull out the white out and apply it to your lips
Like your friends like what the fuck are you doing? That's way better than your friend like, okay
I guess this isn't white out the best part about that electronic trick is that
It definitely is worse for the friend who sees you put white out on your mouth then you the person who just put
Almost certainly extremely poisonous white out on your mouth. That's funny
No, I'm gonna go to the trouble of cleaning out the bottle to put your lip tint in there
Yeah, use it as lip tint. Anyway, make edible school supplies from sugar paste to confuse your friends
Yeah, man, and then you start chowing down on your eraser or paperclips and your friends won't know what's happening
And they won't be your friends anymore. Probably not once they find out that you have been
Cooking pencils. I've seen a lot guys. I've seen a lot of these types of suggestions in like Troom Troom vids
and why my kids are obsessed trim trim, you know, they're like, um, Eastern European pals
And they make videos about how to like sneak candy in the school
Yeah, or one where you have to sneak a superhero into a movie theater. And yeah, exactly
I like why we only eat orange things all that, you know trim trim. Okay, my kids just watch a lot of educational stuff
Oh, yeah, this is educational because if you want to sneak, you know, candy buttons in you can make a jacket
Decorated with candy buttons. Yeah, teacher won't know
You could be teaching your kids about cost-benefit analysis to realize that that's a stupid thing to do
But come on no cost of it
They know that the cost of the snacks in the movie theater is ridiculous
so high so they got a far more beforehand and they make a little like a beret out of
razzles
A
Never come back. This is a drive-by joke
Yeah
Use clear nail polish to make a pencil useless paint the tip of a pencil with clear nail polish on your friend borrow it when
They try to use it. It won't right. That's perfect. I like that one. That's a good cell phone to a good what?
Self-own. Oh, I think you said cell phone. I thought that too. I also thought that me if he's if you pencil
If
You had a pencil and you started talking to it like it was a cell phone. That's funny. Come on
Paint clear nail polish all over your friend's cell phone. That's cool. Oh, that's good, too
Then they try to put their finger to it. It won't work
Yeah, or they put it to their face to make a phone call and then they immediately huff it and pass out
Polish on your nails
Your friends like my nails look healthy
Yeah, gotcha. Yeah, stupid. What is hot clear nail polish on your friend's nails and they're like, oh, thank you
Add hot glue to your sharpener before letting someone borrow it do people do we're done with pencils and sharpeners and yeah
Right add hot glue to your tablet, but it's school supplied or whatever these days probably
Crank they'd be on the wall. Oh, yeah
I love that shit. Yeah had the crank. I loved that. Yeah. Oh with pencils. Yes
Manual pencil sharpeners. That's what we had to deal with
I had a sharpened a piece of obsidian, but I would use
And my teacher like where the fuck did you get that and I'd be like back off I got it from minecraft
Time to take out your test. Oh shit. Hold up. I gotta go minecraft myself a pen
Yeah, what I dig dig down deep for the flant. I make myself a pencil from my shit a creeper. No
Don't say that. You don't say that about the janitor. He's cuby and green. Yeah
He's made of cues. Yeah. Yeah now give him up for the grace of God goes out. I don't I don't really
Even if he wasn't made of cubes and green I wouldn't do that. You're exploding
Janitor, oh, I hate that noise. He's making
I'm not doing it
Make a crayon eraser for a pencil this one if you kill the janitor you get feathers and it's worth it
That is worth it and creepers drop going powder not feather. It's okay
What what create a retracting pin with a spring isn't that? Oh, wait, that's what I did. Yeah, you get those wonderful toys
That's a great prank cuz your friend will then be like hey your pins broken and you'll be I know I broke it
So confuse your teacher. This is a step to pulling pranks in the classroom have mechanical pencils. Let's just do it
Yeah, yeah, fuck it. Oh, no, let's read the bandage off
Why did someone invent a pencil lead destroyer because that's all they are they don't write
They just break and then you put more out and they break again. They made that shit so thin
It's so good and pointless. Yeah, it is good for pretending like you're giving yourself like I don't know an injection or something. Yeah
Prank, but you got to make sure you push the stopper down or it fucking hurts
We're getting into the good stuff now confuse your teacher by changing their wallpaper to a screenshot
So that when they try to click the icons, it doesn't work
But I'm sorry if you get caught doing anything on your teacher's laptop
Oh, yeah, you're going to fucking you're going down. You're done. You're going downtown
Ink your sleeping friend if they fall asleep in the library or class dip their fingers in an ink pad or makeup
You can also use a highlighter then tickle their nose with a feather or tissue when they go to scratch their nose
They'll get ink on their face
Why not if you want to help their face if you want to help them get it off try a little hand sanitizer
that's a great point Travis as long as you're
You're cut out the middleman right of the finger and just put ink on your friend's fucking face
Unless you're trying to convince that they got fingerprinted while they were asleep. That's that would work
It's like oh man, you've been gone for so long
They took you downtown and then like a matrix
They just dropped you back off and I think that there's some kind of mechanical worm in your tummy. We gotta get it out
Yeah, use a coffee cup to spill water on your teacher. That's what's gonna go over great. That is good
There's a description here of how to create a prank cup
Using cling wrap several layers of cling wrap and a rubber band and the more I read it the more
My brain
Rebels against itself. Yes, it's a it's a feat of engineering that I do not think is possible. But what do they suggest?
What I'm not gonna read it. That's what I'm saying is why no, we don't want to endorse too much
Can I just say a lot of these sound like something?
Have like middle school Travis would do not because he was a creative prank genius, but because he had impulse control issues
Not so much like pranks, but just more like oh, why did you do that? I don't I don't know
Yeah, I don't think spilling water on your teacher is a great prank
But I do love the little tip they've added at the end here
Which is to keep your teacher in a good mood after pulling this prank have a towel and a real cup of coffee on hand
For afterwards. Sorry Dolores. Here you go. Sorry here try yourself up. You look fucking ridiculous
I have access to coffee. So anyway, I got you take it with two creams with sugar. Am I right? Yeah, how about a back row?
Who's going to take a cup from you ever again when they say you do this?
This in feet of engineering that you've used to soak your teacher who's gonna just done an incredible prank
You have undermined any trust that teacher had for you for the rest of the year
You're gonna the next parent teacher conference here
She's gonna be like, listen, they're getting straight A's because of course rule number one keep your grades up
But they're like fucking Loki in here. Actually, you know, it's fucked up. It doesn't say anything about
Guess what? Wiggy house playing a prank on you. Oh, that's right
Because they're gonna have a hard time expelling you when you're valedictorian
Yeah, cover your teacher's desk and candy this prank will actually make your teacher smile
You can't even use candy to make a picture or spell out something for your teacher. Fuck you. Mr. Dennis
But also it's mentos, but it's mentos, baby
Fucking that's right. It is mentos in the picture in a picture. I wrote this one. Oh, okay. Hey take two
Textbook pages together so your Frank can't find them use double-sided tape to stick the front page to a chapter to a page before
Your friend won't be able to find it when they open their book
which is fun because they could be like man, why these two pages stuck together and be like I
I got really excited while reading about trigonometry and busted one and I'm sorry for that. I
Apologize trigonometry just does it for me. I know how big that triangle is and I guess my gets my noodle going
Put balloons everywhere
Hallways classrooms cafeterias you name it you can even fill a whole room with balloons
People won't be able to move without running into balloons
Hey everywhere everywhere. Hey, um
Jimmy my son, but you seem so tired and stressed. I have a lot of my plate mom
I don't understand the pressure. It started simple. It started simple
I put some clear Nile plush on a pencil and everyone's like you're the prank King Jimmy and then I had to keep escalating and now
I'm blowing up millions of balloons
So I can what put him in the client the hallway everywhere mom. What have I done?
We need to move so I need to move schools mom. I promise. I'm not angry. I just need to know I have a
$2,500 charge from Party City. Yeah card. It's out of control mom. Okay, mom
I I pranked myself mom. It's okay. The ultimate prank was on Jimmy you pranked your future
You pranked your way out of that big scholarship
No, this one kicks ass bring watermelons to school. Hell, yeah
Gallagher got him this prank doesn't sound that crazy
But try to get a lot of people to bring at least two watermelons to school then have them leave them all over the school
Your school will be covered in watermelons
Now this assumes that you're of an age to purchase your own watermelons, right?
Because this is this prank carries the much more difficult step of convince your parents
You need to take two watermelons to school. Yeah, well home at
Yeah, okay, but play that out Griffin
My mom I need to bring two watermelons to school for home economics. What are you guys doing in class?
What are you using them for chubby twins?
Chubby twin. Oh, this is we're taking care of babies and I got taking care of two
Extremely heavy babies at this our teacher wants that teachers are very specific lesson about responsibility
Yeah, and also we have to provide the watermelons their work
They're in cahoots with gym teacher who wants us to get fucking yelped. So we gotta carry these two big watermelons around
Well, then what do I pay taxes for shouldn't the school provide the watermelons young Jimmy trap?
That's I mean, we know the state of things
If you bring that up to your parents like well
I I just know that when miss Doris asked she was in tears cuz she was like, I'm sorry
We can't provide the melon. I'm sorry. That makes me so sad
Wrap your principal's car and plastic wrap whatever whatever whatever
Use toilet paper to cover the front of your school for a classic prank. Yeah, that's awesome. Why that's a lot of toilet paper
Yeah, well this one get your friends to help you cover the football field in plastic forks
The most trouble I ever saw anyone get in at my high school
Was a group of kids who forked the football field and they forked it fucking good
And like they had to miss like the team had to miss at practice that day
Oh the worst thing that could happen
That's the worst thing that could happen at a high school not the 15 person fight
I saw on the first day of my freshman year
Well, that's how you I mean count that fast. Why could you even count that?
Well, five of them were teachers who waited in and then I think got caught up in the moment
Yeah, everybody knows that if you get the opportunity to pop a kid. It's like
So the prince showed up and said
Noble blood breaks to new mutiny and he separated the houses. It was awesome
Hey, here's just one quick question in the community Q&A
Could I go into the bathroom and go on my phone and call 9-1-1? Oh
Could you
Way better go in the bathroom and then call your teacher from the bathroom and say like I'm the principal and you're you fired
That's awesome, hey, do you still have that copy of Jumanji in Spanish just put that on anyways
I'm the principal and I gotta go fart to come and smell it
That's all time you could do like a
Mission impossible diarrhea poison and put that in the put that in the principal's cup
And then when he's like, oh I gotta go. I'm so sick you go into the principal's office
I was gonna smell my farts, but then it turned into that real
Yeah, and then you get on the secret like Mikey has that gets on the PA and you're like everybody
It's me principal stink and I said we're growing up what we did where? The only way you understand the product
X lax as a magical chocolate that makes people who yeah
Do you know how many times we saw X lax growing up as kids being snuck into teachers mugs and yeah
babysitters, yeah
Sandwiches, yeah instantly made them just like poop their brains out forever
What's dope works? I never saw anyone in incredible gastrointestinal distress because of like horrific constipation
And then they take X lax and then I like oh
Thank goodness. I'm glad I took that X lax intentionally
There was there was ever like like important business meeting at X lax HQ where they're like
Do we need to get out in front of this? Yeah, we need to we need to start like a public health campaign, right?
We're just like listen. I know what you all think right X lax. It's the diarrhea medicine, but that's not true
We have a lot. There's a lot of benefits more specifically. It's the chocolate that makes you shit forever. Yeah, right
Yeah
It's it there needs to be like a tide pod make good campaign where the tide got in trouble because they made the most delicious looking
Candy shaped objects ever and then had to come out and be like, it's not it isn't candy
I know we're having a lot of fun here
But you could die and just have X lax get out there and be like look I know we even made it
Chocolate the most delicious thing we get it, but uh, it's uh, please no more jokes. This is serious diarrhea medicine
It's serious. Stop. I just got home from school. And when I told him what you did for a living they all laughed
It's not funny. It's my job helps people. I'm like a doctor. It's extremely serious
I make the dookie medicine that helps people can't dookie. I make the chocolate that helps you fudge
Anyway, I've been trying to pitch that as a new slogan, but so far
This has not been our brightest hour
And that's pretty sad considering we're we're only 35 minutes in oh no, okay. Well, let's go to the money zone. That's usually a good palate cleanser
All right, let's shake it off let's get back in the jimmy's out again listen
We've had a lot of wiggles now. It's time to focus up
We're back into it and it's time to deliver the goods
Justin take it. Don't think about it. Just go take the rock. Okay, a
lot of people use Squarespace these days and they want to use it to make a great website I
personally Justin McElroy have been using Squarespace for the past couple weeks to build a
website for my wife Sydney
Who is running for the House of Delegates here in West Virginia?
And I built her website with the help of a trusted friend mainly to tell me if the things looked bad
But I've been he built it and I've been editing
Editing it. Well now I'm sorry, but the story keeps changing
Yes, I feel like there is a shifting the point is I could have done it
Uh-huh. So that's where I got myself into trouble is once I started fooling around with it. I should have been intimidated
It's easy to do you can adjust the things you make a great look at website
So just be clear the fault is not with Squarespace. It is with Justin
And in our stars, yes, and I've built Squarespace websites before I guess
I just had the yips because I wanted it to be really good
Yeah, I mean I wanted to look great, but I should have trusted that Squarespace simplest would make everything look fantastic
That is what they do. So as Michael from from
Drunks and Dragons like help me
Help me to build it. Yeah, and he did you need I could have done it on my own but I
Appreciate do you understand? Yeah, sure. Sure. Sure. Like you could have done it, but you got scared
Yeah, don't get me scared. Don't get me wrong in the ad copy
It does want us to talk about how easy it is and that you could do it yourself
I could have I should have trusted that is what I'm saying. But at the same time, I really appreciate Michael's help
They offered 24-7 support but not 24-7 emotional support. Thank you
Which is what Justin needed. They don't tell you that the magic is inside you. So Justin could have used Squarespace
But he second-guessed himself and that's why he's here now to tell you don't make his mistakes
Right you be better than Justin use Squarespace yourself, right?
This is your chance to prove that you're a better person than Justin
Make your own partner a website to run for West Virginia House of Delegates
Go to mcroyforwv.com and you'll see this website built in Squarespace. You'll be like
Fuck this professional. Yeah, I made an equally important website to celebrate my dog called buttercup is a very good girl calm
You can go to that one. I use Squarespace to do that too. They're eat their websites of equal importance
Anyway, go to squarespace.com slash my brother for free trial
And when you're ready to launch use the offer code my brother to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain
Hey, I want to talk about door-dash yes, are you afraid
like
Justin is of doing the wrong thing then let door-dash do it for you
I mean from now on all of my ad reads are gonna be about Justin being afraid
Cuz I think I fear is a powerful motivational tool, but I don't want to make it about our listeners being afraid
That's gonna use it about Justin sometimes Justin's afraid that he'll forget things at the store
And then he's like, what am I gonna do now?
Oh, whatever everyone finds out that I forgot the snacks and the drinks and the household essentials. Oh god
They're all gonna be so mad at me. Well good news Justin
You can use door-dash and they can have household essentials drinks and snacks delivered in
As little as 30 minutes right to your door and Justin don't be afraid about not being able to connect with the restaurants
You love door-dash. They can connect you with the restaurants you love so fear no more Justin and Justin Justin
No fear right live free die hard
Now you can get the grocery essentials you need with door-dash to like drinks snacks household items
everything you need not to be afraid like a nightlight or a comfy blanket or if you need some like relaxing tea and
Like a cozy mystery that doesn't have any blood or violence in it. Good news. That's a knife
No, well, is that for Justin to wield or the door-dash deliverer to bring?
I don't know that we should say that door-dash
Delivers bring a huge knife to your door when they come to do they won't wield it. They won't have it in their hand
Yeah, I mean that would be ridiculous, you know, would it be in a bag of sorts? So for a limited time?
Our listeners can get 25% off and zero delivery fees on their first order of $15 or more when you download the door-dash app
And enter code in B and BAM
That's 25% off up to $10 value and zero delivery fees on your first order when you don't have the door-dash app in the app
Store and enter code in B and BAM one more time. Don't forget
That's code in B and BAM for 25% off your first order with door-dash subject to change terms apply
Door-dash live without fear. Don't be like Justin
It's what they wrote it's what they wrote yeah, it feels doesn't it feel a little targeted
I mean it could be any job that could be Justin Theroux
They could be talking about Justin Theroux. Yeah, so don't worry about it man
Hi, I'm Janet Varney and just like you I survived high school and we're not alone on my podcast the JV club
I invite some of my friends to share the highs and lows of their teen years
Like moments with Aisha Tyler, but when you're a kid, the stakes are just pretty low go to school
Try not to get in trouble get laid Jameela Jamil
I watched television probably every waking hour during that time and I was faced on medicine and Dave Holmes
We talked and talked and then everybody left it was just us too and I was like, I love you
Learn how you too can be a functioning adult after the drama and heartbreak of high school every week on the JV club with
Janet Barney find it on Maximum Fun or wherever you get your podcasts. This is a judgment-free show
We have wasted this world our magic put a storm in the sky that has rendered the surface of our planet
Uninhabitable, but beneath the surface. Well, that's another story entirely
In a city built leagues below the apocalypse survivors of the storm forged paths through a strange new world
Some people say that the storm is the only way to survive
Some seek salvation for their homeland above others seek to chart the vast undersea expanse outside the city's walls
And others still seek what else fortune and the glory
Dive into the ether see the latest campaign from the Adventure Zone every other Thursday on maximum fun org or wherever you listen to
podcasts
Hey Justin speaking of Justin Theroux
Do you want to apologize for when we talked about smart list you talking about how smart list hand the the
Prime Minister of Canada on Justin Theroux. I don't see any problem with that. Well Justin Trudeau
Is the Prime Minister Justin Theroux is an actor who has been in many one nobody nobody at home caught that trap
One thing is it passes that comment from the two of you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah, if you hadn't realized the error you instantly would have I
Mean that would've been the rest the episode. Yeah
Jennifer Aniston's
ex-husband
Recurrent husband ex-partner. Definitely. I think she wants to get back together with Brad Pitt last I read I
Don't want to talk about this anymore either some parks and rec. Oh, yeah
He's so good a good turn on parks on a good turn. They had it's not wild though. They had Kamala Harris
So it's like not why it's not wild. It's just that they're two individual human beings, right? Yeah. No, I know man
I know
Like it's just a macro if they had Richard Harris on and you were like they had the vice president of the country on it
It's just a half their name is a different name it's a one name in comma Thoreau and Trudeau is very similar
I mean, yeah, you could rhyme it in a poem. Absolutely. Hey, let's do let's do another question. Maybe
Yeah, sure
Travis I cannot believe you put this next one in what I love listening to your show
However, awesome. Sometimes you fellows use large or unique words that I have to look up. I don't know the meaning irony
I was telling myself. I'm gonna remember those cool words and use them when I can however
I after I close my dictionary, I almost immediately forget those words and then fail to use them brothers
How can I get a cool vocabulary like you? Yeah
That's from vocabulary vexed in Vermont. Yeah, sometimes, you know, you know
we're trying to do the show and you feel that truculence and
You're like, oh, I don't remember and those words can be such a femora
You can't actually do that twice per episode it's illegal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I don't want to be personally you guys are right mean
What my recommendation would be to get a job where you have to talk about?
Everything all the time
yeah, and then eventually you get you start to hate the way that you say it and you think there must be a new way of
Saying these things because I hate the way I do it. Yeah, and that's so you inspire yourself to get some some new vocabulary
You know you look for opportunities to use in your day-to-day life. You don't even have to know what it means
That's the beauty of it. If you say it with confidence
We live in an ever-shifting
Linguist society now and so sometimes you can just say a word with confidence and someone could be like, I don't think it means that
You know like it does now actually because somebody used it on tick-tock and they can't disprove that. It's amazing
Oh to be alive in the world today. Oh
Nothing means anything
You should change your life to use the word. So like if you learn a if you learn a new word like
Can't even think of any word juice think of any word pal, come on you can do it I use so many early in the episode
Come on
verisimilitude
from downtown I
Thought it was versus millitude versus. No, that's when you fight millitude
Then you should do things that were verisimilitude would be part of the
You know like you should I know it cuz Richard Donner used it when he was talking about the Superman movie
So like if you're making them really use their similitude like truth to be like
I wanted to seek out verisimilitude in the Superman movies a movie about a man who flies backward around the planet. Um
It's just it's it's here Travis, okay, you're gonna feel like a real horse's patoot when I send you my this is my Twitter banner
Okay
I'm not on I'm never on Twitter in slack. Okay. Okay. Oh
Oh, I see. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's Superman the holding a banner says verisimilitude. Yeah. Okay, great
It's so I'm saying like find a time in a place in the world where that concept would be important and shift your life to meet
your vocabulary
You know, I mean, yeah
But sometimes also big words are like fucking overrated because like there's a word
Pocritudinous means like very beautiful and like beauty and shit. That's an ugly sounding word. It's a gross word
So who needs it just say bodacious way better way better
I think we could you're not gonna say like check out that poker tune in his ass, right?
You're not gonna say that but you know, I also wouldn't say check out that bodacious
Who would I be you wouldn't say you wouldn't say check out that bodacious a but who would I be saying that to Travis in?
My life. Well your son when he's older Griffin. Yeah, I forgot
So important to build your kids up
Sorry, I
Was saying you would say it to have a bonding moment with your son about a bodacious ass
Yeah, you saw we saw a babe a target. Yeah, and you want to talk about that bodacious ass
Yeah, what you're saying is like he's ready for his first like homecoming dance and you're like sniffling
Yeah, I'm just so proud of you
He's like dad don't come on
I'm gonna get me crying if I could say bodacious ass I love you
I love you so much. Dad. I love your bodacious ass today
I know that bodacious ass is the way you say I love you cuz you were raised in a different generation
You're wildly uncomfortable and every time you come in my bodacious ass because you love me bodacious ass son
But they just ask you to daddy
I
Interesting
Yes
Okay
Little caesar's
not Batman related is
A pizza restaurant where you can get things at a drive through and you drive up you say give me pizza, please
Can I also just say real quick, Little Caesars is a great example of a restaurant where I have no idea where we're at culturally, as to have they turned their shit around, is it still viewed as like...
It was the cheap pizza because you get two, and that's what we had at church all the time. It was always Little Caesars.
I fucking love Little Caesars.
But have they turned it around?
It was the awesome Little Caesars.
Because Domino's did a thing.
Yeah, this is interesting. See, that was my supposition, right? When I would get Pizza Hut or Domino's, I would think, oh, I'm really treating myself now because I'm not eating, or God forbid, like a backyard pizza.
Oh my God, who has the money?
Who's got the money?
In this economy?
I thought, let the common folk have Little Caesars, but then I tried it recently. It's been maybe a decade. Great. Great quality food. I really enjoyed it.
One of the best sausages in the game, frankly.
One of a great sausage. Not like you're going to get over at Monty's Pizza.
No, no, no, no. You get that crumble?
On 7th Avenue, that kind of crumble.
Oh, no, no, no. That's the shit. They cut the circle into squares. Love it.
Oh, come on.
Oh, forget about it. You throw some barbecue chips on there, you're living the dream.
Oh, now you're snacking.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
You guys are narrowcasting to the people on this show.
Yeah.
To each other.
Sometimes I forget there's other people listening.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Little Caesars unveils a new superhero offering. The Batman Calzoni.
It is Batman.
Yeah, that's my-
That's why you did the Batman theme?
Yeah, but the Batman Calzoni. I saw a sign for this at the Little Caesars across from Fantastic Sam's over near the-
Oh, yeah, I know that one.
And I was like, I had to, I literally stopped my car to take a picture with my phone because I was like, what? It just said Batman Calzoni $7.99.
Now, can I just say that one does not look like a calzone. Two-
It's not a calzone, you idiot. It's Calzoni.
It looks more like Mothman than Batman.
Okay, well, like, maybe next time you make a half calzone, half pizza, you'll make it look more like Batman.
I'm just saying that is not the shape of either the Batman or his symbol.
That looks like the Bat symbol.
It does not look like the Bat symbol. The Bat symbol is much more oblong. This is a pizza that someone fucked up.
This is-
Okay, so I can just talk about it for a second.
Yeah, sure.
It's the Batman Calzoni. The Bat signal has been spotted in Detroit, but not the way you'd expect.
This is from MLive.com, which is a Michigan news source, I think.
The Bat signal has been spotted in Detroit, but not in the way you'd expect.
It comes courtesy of Little Caesars, which unveiled a super new food item on Monday, introducing the Batman Calzoni.
It's a bat-shaped product.
It's not.
Hold on one sec.
The bat-shaped product is a buttery-tasting calzone crust filled with garlic white sauce,
cheese, and julienned pepperoni combined with a pepperoni pizza
and served with a side of crazy sauce.
I'm staring at this, and the picture you have sent us, Justin,
the pepperoni are arranged in such a way that it feels like a magic eye poster,
and I'm transfixed by it, and I'm trying to find-
But they're perfect.
They are geometrically sort of aligned.
Yeah, I think they knew they were going to take a picture of this one, so they made it look good.
Because it's also really shiny and red.
It's $7.99.
That's a good price. And it says it's going to be available for a limited time, starting on Monday.
Now, normally that would stress me out, but in this case, I think that's probably good,
because I would hate to go into Little Caesars four years from now,
and I'm like, why do you guys have something called a Batman Calzoni?
They'd have to look at me dead in the eye and be like, I absolutely have no idea.
Well, you say that.
We just always had a Batman Calzoni, so we just always have it.
What about Superman ice cream and Baskin Robbins?
That's different.
That's different.
It's different.
Okay, all right.
It makes so much more sense.
Anyone can now bring superhero vibes to pizza night by trying the new Batman Calzoni,
said Jeff Klein, chief marketing officer at Little Caesars.
It's the most delicious part of our partnership with the upcoming film, The Batman.
What are the other delicious parts?
What's the least delicious part?
What else you got?
Yeah, what's the least?
Probably all the fucking-
And try the Batman sweat soda that tastes just like the inside of his cowl
after a hard night's butcher roll.
It's fucking gross, but Pattinson insisted.
Try the Riddler press freeze.
The only question you'll have is, why did I get this?
The Batman, which will feature the Cape Crusader uncovering corruption in Gotham City
that connects to his own family while facing a serial killer known as the Riddler-
The Riddler?
I've heard of this.
What?
A serial killer known as the Riddler will be released on March 4th.
What's happening with this crime wave?
There's a serial killer named the Riddler.
Did we name him that or did he name himself Unclear?
Do you guys think if you get killed by the Ridd-
If you live in Gotham City-
Yeah.
And then there's like an explosion and you're like,
oh shit, it's a Batman level crime that's happening.
And then the Riddler comes out and kills you.
You're like, fucking fuck.
The Riddles guy is killing me?
Couldn't even be like the Penguin or somebody?
That's got to be a really stressful thing about being Batman is when you are fighting the Riddler,
you're like, please don't let me die fighting the Riddler.
Yeah, he can't be like this, right?
Please.
Who killed Batman?
Who finally killed Batman?
Who got him?
Bane.
Oh, okay.
That actually makes sense.
I thought you were going to say the Riddler and I was going to be like, what'd he do?
Riddle him to death?
Yeah.
He riddled him with bullets and he laughed the whole time.
But then we were like, that's not anything.
That's not how the name-
I'm so excited that I get to watch Paul Dano fight-
Robert Pattinson.
My dear friend, Robert Pattinson.
Who will win that fight?
I have an answer.
Me.
I'm just glad that we're finally, finally bringing the Batman to the big screen.
Yeah.
Let his story be told.
How did he get where he is?
What's his whole deal?
Does he have some sort of butler man who helps him?
I don't know these things.
Are his parents cool?
Are they cool?
What do they do?
Right?
Does he connect with other human beings in an easy way?
Right?
Is he cool in social situations?
Is he at all haunted by some sort of dark past?
I don't know.
What's his financials like?
Yeah.
Where's he at?
Is he barely getting by?
Finding his free time?
He's going to fight some villains, but also got to pay the bills.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Now, it is worth noting that we're having a lot of fun here.
But of course, any permutation of Batman that comes up maybe in podcasts or whatever is great.
We're just more Batman stories the better out there.
Thank you.
Yeah, we do love that.
But here's the thing.
Audio Batman, that's where it's at, man.
That's where it's at.
Let me picture my own Batman.
And he's got, oh, he's got long curly blonde hair.
Hey guys, what's your perfect Batman?
This calzone does look like a minstrel pad, though.
And I don't know what they were thinking when they did it.
It's got wings.
Guys, I think I've, can I tell you something?
I had had a pause earlier.
I'm sure Rachel edited it out, but I had to pause earlier because I had a wave of nausea.
And I think that that was caused by the incredible hunger
that I feel looking at this incredible calzone.
You look at this and this makes you hungry.
I want nothing more than to eat this.
I would ravish this.
I find, can I tell you-
Unspeakable.
I find the symmetry of the pepperoni very off-putting.
Why?
Because I know-
It looks fantastic.
I know a human being touched this a lot.
Yeah, that's a good point.
This isn't somebody threw down a scattering of pepperonis.
This took somebody several minutes to-
A human being individually touched each of these ronis.
Yeah.
Why on earth do you assume that the calzone that you would buy at the Little Caesars for $7.99
available without pre-order Monday through Friday from 4 to 8 p.m.?
What on earth makes you think it would look anything like this?
No, I know that, Justin, but I can believe that that is a naturally occurring Batman calzone.
Or I look at this and I say, this is man-made.
This is a man-made.
God, I'm so hungry for this calzone.
I think that means it's time to stop the show.
Yeah, yeah, it's calzone time.
Thanks so much for listening to our podcast.
Oh boy, where to start?
Let's start by-
Again, we fucked up last week by not telling you all about this great virtual live show
we have coming up on the 26th.
Please come.
Man, don't be so mad.
Nobody's bought tickets to it.
We kind of messed up, okay?
It's at 9 p.m. Eastern time.
You can get tickets at bit.ly slash mabim-bam virtual.
It's Friday.
It's this Friday.
This Friday, so come on out.
This Saturday.
This Saturday, so come have a good time this Saturday with us.
It's weekend fun time with your-
Hey, but listen, can you just sound a little like it?
You're selling people on taking in more of you.
Can you just sound like you're not completely miserable?
I mean, I got-
Like you're excited to do it.
I mean, I got some personal stuff going on,
but I guess if you need me to amp up the volume a little bit-
If you could turn it up and turn it on and turn it loose.
Yeah, sure.
What's up, sickos?
Saturday, baby.
Bit.ly slash mabim-bam virtual, you fucking freaks.
Yep, there it is.
Oh, that's great.
Our dad wrote a kid's book.
It's called Goldie's Guide to Grandchilding.
And if you go to L-I-N-K-T-R dot E-E,
that's Linktree with a dot before the two E's slash Goldie's Guide.
G-O-L-D-I-E-S guide.
You can see some events that he's doing to promote that book,
and you can go pre-order the book and you should do it.
It's gonna be so cute.
And our dad wrote a book, and we're really proud of him.
So go get his book and go to his book events.
I love you, dad.
But just when you thought the best had passed,
we went and saved the best for last because we are doing it.
The 20 Rendezvous Fancy Takes Flight Tour.
Tickets on sale this Friday, February 25th,
at noon local time.
Big.ly slash McElroy Tours for ticket links and more info.
And listen, yes, masks and proof of full vaccination
or negative COVID test within 72 hours of event are required.
One more time, you gotta wear a mask
and you gotta show proof of full vaccination
or negative COVID test within 72 hours of the event.
But we're coming to your city, maybe.
We're coming live in our own flesh.
Yeah, we'll be there.
For real this time.
Our beautiful human flesh.
I will be there.
We've threatened it a few times, but now we're serious.
This time for real.
I do need to say, I will have a sort of proxy homunculus guy.
But it will look just like Griffin.
Except under his indistinguishable-
He's very small.
Except it can't pronounce Ks.
Yeah.
So that's the only sort of problem with it.
But other than that, it's just like Griffin.
It's just like Griffin.
And he's about six inches tall.
He's not really, whoa, he's bigger?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And a little more mostly.
Oh, okay.
He's better than Griffin in every way,
except he can't pronounce the letter K.
Other than that though, one more time, tickets on sale.
Can you tell him to think C and just say a hard C?
Do a hard C or like a CH if that helps.
His mouth doesn't, just can't.
He won't do it.
Yeah.
We'll get there.
Tickets on sale this Friday, February 25th at noon local time,
bit.ly slash McElroy Tours.
So you're gonna do that and do the live show
and get dad's book and go to McElroyMerch.com.
We got a new Besties tiebreaker coin
featuring New York Giraffe, the one and only.
So that is at McElroyMerch.com.
We got the pin of the month.
We got the 20 rendezvous pins and we've got the
I'm Not Ashamed of My Clown Husband sticker.
It's all there.
Go, fly you fools.
Go, be free.
Thanks to Montaigne for these for a theme song.
My life is better with you.
It's a track that bumps in the night.
Yeah, bumps and humps and jumps.
Okay.
And I think that's the end of the show.
I'm on Twitch.
Yep.
Okay.
And Travis will just say that.
I'm on Twitch.
That's our new wrap up.
Where does that stop?
Where does that stop?
I wonder.
Oh, it sounds like twitch.tv slash the Travis McElroy.
Right, right, right.
But when will you have achieved enough Twitch success
that it doesn't become-
When I'm up there with some of the greats
like Twitch Johnson and Twitch Jenkins and Twitch Johnson.
When I'm up in that echelon.
Twitch and Terry Peters.
Yeah.
When I'm up there, I think that'll be the movie
starring Will Smith, Twitch.
When I'm in that realm, I think that's probably
where I'll be able to take a year off, I think,
so I can come back hot.
Griffin, I was thinking maybe you could try to like,
instead of the yahoos, which I love,
maybe you could try to like-
Just tell a joke.
You could just like workshop a new Closer every week.
Oh, that's good.
Until you find something that lands.
Like a new bit that feels like a new little mini bit.
Like a sign.
I think that's like undeniably Griffin.
And can I be honest with everybody now?
I've been making them up.
What?
My life.
Sorry, that's not the butt I meant.
Oh yeah.
No, no, no, it's not that.
Okay.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, sorry.
Let me just-
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
Sorry.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's the same way.
Oh, that got me good.
No, no, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
No, no, no, no, you need to really practice this
before you do it.
No, here, okay, say it again, say it again, say it again.
I'll just say it again.
I've been making them up.
This is a MBMBAM exclusive.
I mean, it's not something we should joke about.
I've been effectively lying this whole time.
Does your wife Rachel know?
She's the one that put me up to it.
Did it get quieter?
That was a lesser reveal.
Yeah, it wasn't as big as the other ones.
Yeah.
Well, that'll be the bit for this week.
That's what we did this week.
It'll be different next week, so you never know what you're gonna get.
There's no familiarity.
Do you want me to send you a list of words you can use to help apologize?
I want nothing less.
My name is Justin McRoy.
I'm Travis McRoy.
I'm Griffin McRoy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me, kiss your dad, squirt on the lips.
This has been my brother, my brother, me, kiss your dad, squirt on the lips.
