The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better with you
Hello everybody welcome to my brother my brother made a vice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy
I'm your middlest brother Travis McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother Griffin McElroy
Okay
Not haunted doll watch it is a bad movie watch Batman watch Batman's back new another one the newest best Batman yet
They're saying Ben Affleck. Fuck you
Christopher Nolan eat shit idiot cuz this Batman is
The original Batman by which I do mean the Twilight gentlemen
Have the bat
Robert
Rob pats is up in it. He's the new Batman which is funny because he was a Batman
before oh
I see and that's the first joke that that said has been said about that and that's thank you fucking great
That's real quick. I want to highlight something wonderful about Robert Pattinson. I'd love to he recently revealed that
Often in interviews he lies and I didn't know that was a thing you could do
Okay, okay. I didn't know that when an interviewer is like, what are you working on?
I'm like, what's your how's it going? You could just like I'm in six movies or whatever and like nobody checks it
I like when he tried to describe the plot of Final Fantasy 7 to Zoe Kravitz during an interview and she was like
Why do you think why do you think I give a shit about that Rob Pats?
Anyway, he had an interview once that he wanted to open his own spaghetti restaurant
That's good. Yeah, he's having fun out there, but you know who's not having fun Paul Dano
Well, wait Paul Dano is a person
He might be but he's the Riddler this time around which is
Such good casting because when I look at that man, I think
He's got some twisted shit up in there. What a mystery
We're watching him the small yeah
And he was in a skit where he cuz they had Zoe Kravitz the cat woman on there
And he was in a skit where he popped out from underneath the couch
Funny in this skit it is it was funny and he was like, I don't know. I don't know what he said
He had a joke. I'm looking for change. Let's just say he said that and my wife Sydney Smurl McElroy who is not
Super duper plugged in. Yeah culture said who's that?
I I can't I don't mean it's Paul Dano, right obviously
Yeah, but it must have been so weird to have someone pop out from underneath the couch
Yeah, that you don't know who it is for like why is that man? Why is that Paul Dano look?
Yeah, I love Paul Dano doesn't look like a lot of the people you would see on Saturday Night Live or television or the big
movie screen
But he's having a tough time of it because he is playing Riddler and he did an interview and we're talking about a lot of interviews
But this is an important one because he was talking about how the Riddler playing him and inhabiting him and being him
Fucked him up
He said he said there were some nights around that
I probably didn't sleep as well as I would have wanted to because it was a little hard to come down from the character takes
Oh my god takes a lot of energy to get there
and so you almost have to sustain it once you're there because going up and down is kind of hard and
What what I felt was the opportunity that director Matt Reeves was giving with a villain in this film was more real potentially more terrifying
My head was just throbbing with heat
He said later about being encased in plastic wrap. I
Went home that night after the first day and I couldn't sleep because I was scared of what was happening in my head
Riddles where there weren't riddles the guy asked me if I wanted paper plastic I was like, oh what a conundrum
I think that if the next Batman director comes to you and is like, hey, man
Huge you're gonna be calendar man in this one. You should probably just say no fucking way. No doing it
I'll do other I'll do other acting shit because those won't fuck with my head and make my head all hot
So I can't sleep. Are you kidding me?
There's a time where Danny DeVito's like I can't get the penguin out
I'm more penguin than Danny DeVito at this point. He was a pleasant man before the penguin happened
And now and now she'll tank Chris because the Riddler I mean the penguin didn't make his head so hot
fire I
Also, just want to take this second to apologize to everybody who I ruined the Batman for yes
Because they watch it in the Riddler's in and all they think of his room. He pissed. Yeah. Sorry. This was not my intention
I apologize to the default, you know, right? I know family the sure and family
Well, I the whole day and family
I feel like that if he does he is a serial murderer in the film though, and I do feel like if you know
Yeah, and if you murder a lot of people and ask some riddles here in there, they should call you the murderer
The murderer who does riddles
Yeah, maybe maybe like the question mark murderer maybe or like murderer
No, I was gonna say murderer question mark, but that implies some ambiguity
It does you're are kind of burying the lead a bit
The thing you have to know about this guy is he loves conundrums and delicious
Fun. Yeah, there's also a little bit of murder on a lot of it
Oh
See murder more than he asks riddles. Yeah
Zodiac Puzzle, man, they did. Yeah, that's you know, I mean, they're not is the code boy code master
First the killer
All of the Batman films should be murderer brackets riddles murderer brackets clown theme
It's weird it's weird that I want one Batman that does is like I'm not doing the bullshit
You don't do riddles. You're a murderer. I'm the riddler. I'm not calling you that. Oh the one with birds
I'm not playing around. I'm I'm so busy. Do you think I have fucking time? I'm really busy
Batman what can you put in a barrel to make it lighter? You're strangling someone, right?
I'm gonna stop you strangling him for a moan and then we can address the riddle
You've asked me the answer is a hole. I read this one in highlights when I was eight, please stop strangling the chief
Chief are you cool?
Give me a second. I was gonna get there. I
Want to do it on my own as we another one the doctor was his mom
Fuck fuck being strangled socks stop him. He's
But Batman's doing great
Well, can I just say that it does confuse me a little bit it surprises me
Oh, because we've had a lot of Batman films we have
There's been a lot of Batman films and it it is weird to me because this one
Happens to be three
God damn hours
I don't understand. Listen, I'm a I'm a nerdy guy in his early 40s
Like I should be target demo, right? But by the same turn, I don't know how many chunks of three hours I have
Ahead of me and I'm very surprised at so much. The American populace is like Batman. Let's go
I'll take three hours of that. Sure. Let's go three hours of the bat. I love it
Give me a he's three hours though. It is weird to think that it occurred to me
We have more living actors who have portrayed Batman
than there are living presidents and
That is wild to me in my lifetime in one generation. Yeah
Presidents keep fucking beefing though, don't they? Yeah, but like so we got seven if you include the
Prominent voice actors, but yeah, we've got seven
Batman's
Well, but that man film is can't push back against something the Batman film is rated pg-13 and he's a serial killer
So wait, man is no the Riddler. How does that portray like? Well, I oops a lot of people
I solved a lot of people
I unlocked their chests my gun key
This is getting too grizzly
for pg-13
Those people I can't tell you
I really can't I don't know what happens after death
The afterlife is the greatest
I thought for a second just like you they were saying that Batman was a serial killer in this movie
And I was gonna be like, well that is a gritty term, huh?
That would be a weird change if the Riddler looked at Batman like you have to calm it down
I love I love Mack McElroy and but the man's been texting me and he's like
You want to do Batman today and like guys I do legitimately have
Like even when I do have a very little bit of free time
Yeah, I just can't sit down for three hours and watch Batman. Here's what we need
It's pretend. Do you know that? Yeah, I've been thinking about this
I got the two kids and finding a window of time
Where I can go watch a pg-13 movie even for three hours is impossible
So here's what I recommend movie theaters sell special old folks tickets for 38 year olds like me
Where I can watch it an hour at a time, right and then I pop back in for hour two on another day
I pop back in for hour three on a different day and you like punch holes in it just show like oh don't let him in
For our one he's already watched that one and let me watch it in three chunks because the chances that I will that my window
of time that I have three hours three free and
Three hours worth of energy and interest in my body that will never align that will never happen
We're so please let me watch the movie in chunks or just let me watch it at home
Cuz we've been doing that the last two years. It's pretty great. You guys good guys
Like we get it like is bed. You gotta see the big worm when it's big
Yeah, but I'd rather see it small than not see it because it
Does dune have a paw patrol timothy chalamet?
It doesn't then I can't actually go see it on the big silver screen
Unless you put it picture and picture on the big silver screen and the big picture is ball patrol
I'm the little pictures dude, and I have one headphone in and the other one out so I can go
Oh, yeah, buddy. Oh, yeah. Oh more popcorn. Can we pause dune?
Yeah, we pause dune so I can go get my child more popcorn because they dumped theirs on the seat in front of them like
idiot
Anyway, that may get there three hours
Having fun with our friends
Get their best three hours non-stop to me. I bet there's no fat on no
On that definitely not all we know
definitely
What do you think the odds are it is the first reboot of an of a new Batman franchise, right?
And so what are the eyes wait since when Griffin?
because like the first reboot in the most the most recent reboot of the Batman franchise does it end with like and
you
hear like
The Riddler gets, you know blown up or whatever by Batman's cool
Missile launcher or something Batman Batman stabs him and kills him but then in his pocket, what does he find?
It's not a riddle
It's a picture of a clown because Joker is the next one like it's got to be something like that where it's like
Oh, I've decided to move on from riddles now
I'm doing jokes and then in the next movie Paul Dano's gonna play the Joker and he's gonna be
We can't recover from we won't be able to salvage Paul Dano after that
There will be too many broken pieces of Paul Dano to try to glue him back together if he plays the Riddler and the Joker
They should let him play Batman next to balance it out. Yes
I know like Superman let him play somebody who's like super light and fluffy next
Okay, and it's just like if you play a Batman villain in a great Batman movie next you get to be like Captain
Shazam
Shazam, there you go
Fucking Levi or whatever his name is like every day rolled up the set like
How you doing there Zach? Pretty good, man. I'm Shazam
I'm Shazam, I got nothing to worry about. Are you sure you're in the right headspace to play Shazam? You got I just won Mario Kart
I'm in a great good headspace
Paul are you okay? You look like shit. No, man. I couldn't sleep last night the riddles made my head so hot
Here just take a break playing Mario Kart. I can't don't you understand?
I can't, but to turn my mind away from the riddles for a moment is to betray my sacred charge
anyway, despite I
Listen a lot of people were hoping the walking Phoenix Joker would show up
Oh, that's what it isn't then you walking Phoenix like fucking moonwalks onto the screen during the credits like
Catch you next time bats
But I have an article here from Game Rant that explains why it can't possibly happen
Oh shit, I want to run through just so you guys are prepared for the different. Okay
so in 2019's Joker the Joker does not even face Batman and in fact
Operates in a Gotham City that appears to be without the caped crusader. I have noticed that
Yeah, that is that yeah, you notice how Batman's not in it
I did not actually reference Bruce Wayne as a young boy. So that's that they don't have one
So here's the first problem high tech versus no tech. Oh, yeah
He has he has a bat being a billionaire gives one access to technology that the rest simply cannot yeah
Wait, hey, sorry article writer. I'm sure that there's some good insight in here
But yeah
You've just summarized the whole point of Batman as a superhero in the Batman's new trailer Batman uses one of his gauntlets to electrocute
And take down the enemy combatant
Conversely Joaquin Phoenix Joker barely knows how to shoot a gun
Yeah
If the two were to meet in combat the fight would be over with one use of Batman's grappling hook
Batarangs or a few punches the scene would barely be enough to fit a trailer let alone an entire film next bullet point
Batman can fight the Joker cannot. Yeah. Yeah, that's a great point to shit
I didn't you almost never is there a scene where Batman and the Joker fucking Duke?
Phoenix's Joker is easily kicked to the ground by three smug civilians in white-collar clothing
How would this iteration of the Joker fight against the greatest melee tactician in Gotham City? He simply would not
next point
Batman is young and physically fit the gym the Joker is older and not physically fit
Yeah, the Batman would kick the Joker's ass
Can I read here's another interview with?
Allergic to Batman here's one with here's an interview with Joaquin Phoenix or he's talking about playing the Joker as humans were so malleable
It's probably how we survive and just and adapt when making a movie my whole life changes. I go to a new city
I'm living in a new place. I don't have any photos from home or anything that reminds me of my life
I don't know that you I don't know that you know how it changes you or whether it does
But I certainly don't have any great actor stories about having nightmares or stuff like that. Honestly, I had so much fun making this
meanwhile Paul Dano
So hot his pants are so wet from nightmare piss is someone stopping Joaquin Phoenix from bringing photos of home
Yes, you could take him off the chain and just turn that dog
Like I'm in a new city, I don't know anyone I don't have anything that reminds me of my life
I burn I burn my I burn my driver's license
I bury all my clothes in the desert in an unmarked grave that signify the death of the old me basic style of the grid
The last point that I didn't want to touch on from this game
Is that Joaquin Phoenix's iteration of the Joker is not really the Joker. Oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah, I mean he calls himself the Joker and wants everyone to call him the Joker and lives in Gotham City
It does crime
Because it says here the Joker is a character who has a tragic backstory that no one is entirely sure about sure
But eventually he falls into a vat of chemicals while being chased by Batman
I know he emerges physically and mentally warped becoming the Joker. He is not just a clown at face paint. Well, okay
Furthermore Phoenix's Joker is not a criminal mastermind nor an anarchist nor gangster
He is really just a man who has lived a less than ideal life and has some unaddressed issues. Yeah
Didn't see Joker with Joaquin Phoenix, but that does sound like
Sounds like a role you would take I saw it over someone's shoulder on an airplane and I bet that was my takeaway from it
Yeah, cuz there was can I say there was no point where he squirted someone with like acid out of a little pail flower
There was no point what he didn't have like a big mallet that like a bomb came out of or something
And the Batman from what I could see the person in front of me kept like moving their head around
But from what I could see Batman
Only appeared eight times in the movie, but never never as the Batman
It was always someone or I was like that could be Bruce Wayne and it like but he never put on the suit and
But it was like George Clooney was in it. Affleck was in it
Pattinson was in it. They did like it was like a you know in that one scene in Doctor Who where it's like
It's all the doctors. Yeah, it was like it's all the Batman's together. You did dream this what? Yeah
I'm really worried about how long we talked about Batman every morning every morning
I sit inside my friend's car with her and another friend before school
Yeah, it worked. Yeah, the other day when we were getting out of her car to start heading to class
She said autobots roll out
Under her breath. I feel like something's being lost here
Yeah, people listening may not have followed that other day when we were getting out of the car to start heading to class
She said autobots roll out under her breath when she set saw that we noticed
She said that she hadn't meant for us to hear her and she became embarrassed
Mistaking our genuine joy at her statement for laughter at her expense
Even though we've tried to explain that we legitimately liked it. She won't say it again
How could we convince her to say it again or even say it every day?
Or is it better to just leave it and not bother her about it? Have we already ruined it by drawing attention to it?
Yes, I would love to start every morning with my friend saying autobots roll out
But I don't want to press the issue if he'll just annoy her
How can I get her to continue saying it without accidentally putting her in an uncomfortable position that's from anonymous autobot in Orlando
Florida your friend your friend is not Bart Simpson like with great catchphrases
That they say every day every episode to like get the crowd rolling
But why not Griffin?
Mmm. Yeah, why not if I have the chance to be a Bart Simpson ask catchphrase machine that would get
All I'd have to do is say autobots roll out and my friends would just bust the fuck up
Yeah, this is the thing though. It's like yeah, I want to tell you the macro way handling this
It's a perfectly good bit your friend doesn't want anymore. Now. It's your business your bit
You know that this bit works it already crushed right right and they don't want the bit anymore
So that's your bit now you are the one who's like autobots raw
You're the you're the fucking Keurig cup of coffee that's getting everybody's day roll
Oh, you know the good little head jumpstart also McRoy way
Let me tell you how to make it better cuz I'm me
Make it a call and response you say autobots
Right, and then if you do it like that and leave that little look at the end you have to I mean like you just
Have to you're not gonna leave it. Hey, they'll say roll out saving a haircut to
Right exactly autobots roll out right and now it's a thing because what you don't want to do
This is the tricky thing about making it your own bit
Dustin is you don't want to make it seem like you're making it as an in-joke making fun of oh
God Travis is actually a good point. Yes weird cuz now cuz it would be easy what wait
It would be easy for your friend to see it as like well now it's a joke about the fact that I said it now
They're dunking on me. Yes, but if you make it a call and response now, it's saying we're all in this
This is all of us here. This is an exciting thing that the three of us can share
Every morning before we've got to go into miss Dinkins class, which we all know fucking sucks, right?
We can have this one brief moment of joy in our young lives as we all share through this reference
Which if you're going to school, I don't know why
Autobots roll out as a reference any of you get but congratulations on being so fucking cool
I don't think in the Sam Witwicky movies with the Shia LaBeouf
Sam Witwicky, I don't think they ever say Autobots roll out do they guarantee they do
It's got me in like the fifth film though. And he's like, oh, yeah. Yeah ever all is lost
It's right after the all is lost. He's like
Autobots roll out as he dies. Why did you say like he was dying as as he melts?
Oh Autobots
Hey, if I ever saw people doing a call and response
Autobots roll out regardless of where I am or what the situation is
I will I will I will start going to wedgie school to learn how to do it the best I can possibly get out
You would get in the car with them
If there's an empty seat you would hear them and like jump in and be like roll out. I'm part of it, too
I know you Griffin you clearly don't
You would wedgie you would wedgie rather than join
You're what's wrong with society Griffin. I don't think I am actually on this one. I don't think that this is on this one
I don't think it's not I'm not ideal for society in this example, but I don't think I'm the
You know the main cheese. I just got excited because I thought there's probably somewhere someone that sells
Like I can get an autobots like hood ornament. So it looks like my car is a transformer in disguise
And I'm there's no joke here. I'm just really excited about the possibility of this. Okay. Oh, I want it so bad
Imagine what if someone looked at my car and said he's the new sandwich wiki. The wizard is
Shired up off. Are you okay in his throne? He wants us to approach him if yes, can I just real quick?
I want you to
Frank I just want to talk about Peter Cullen real quick. He's the voice actor behind Optimus Prime and
He's very focused a lot of voice actors. They're kind of bouncing all over the place and I got to give a shout out to
To Peter Cullen, I'm gonna read just real quick. I'm just gonna read down his list of credits
Oh, please in recent years, okay
Optimus Prime Optimus Prime Optimus Prime Optimus Prime Optimus Prime Optimus Prime Optimus Prime
you're
Optimus Prime Optimus Prime Optimus Prime Optimus Prime Optimus Prime Optimus Prime
OH95
Optimus Prime Optimus Prime
Optimus Prime
Optimus Prime
Optimus Prime
Optimus Prime
Eeyore. Eeyore. Eeyore. Eeyore. Eeyore.
Okay, now it's Prime.
The eeyore has lost all meaning to me now.
Eeyore. Eeyore. Eeyore.
And it's like, an error message in a fancy robot.
Captain Nathaniel Flint, in Treasure Planet.
K-k-k-k-k- combo breaker!
He had a fucking twen- that was in 2002.
Treasure Planet whips ass, by the way.
Yeah.
I saw it for the first time a couple weeks ago.
That movie, fucking- Griffin have you seen Treasure Planet?
Fuck yeah, whips ass, Michael J.
Yeah, whips ass.
Whips ass. Do you think that he got to Captain Nathaniel Flint and he started to do like
Optimus Prime voice and they're like no not that one and he's heard do er and they're like not that one
He's like wait what fuck do you want them? Wait? Why am I here? What what what one?
Maybe he loved the role of Captain Nathaniel Flint so much that he was like, this is it
I'm retiring from voice acting forever and they're like, you're still gonna do either right? He's like, you know, I love that
sad donkey
Disney acquires Hasbro
Bringing the transformers under the Disney license. Okay, and this is this this this will happen
That means Kingdom Hearts for this lucky gentleman gets to play your and transformers
And I think treasure planet and treasure planet guy. Yeah. Fuck. Yeah. What a good day. That's a
Hey, can the wizard can we talk about him real quick? Oh, no, no, please. Yes, of course, of course
I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to give you away. Yeah, this one's in it by the other wizard Ben can't thank you Ben
So it's it's just the wiki house staff sent this one. Wow, they wrote this last year. It got
63%
Quality vote from the audience not great. That's a bad score. So, you know passing
Yeah, but the riddles calm audience are miscreants like this isn't riddles calm
Griffith's not pulling these wiki
I got a wire cross. It's not a big deal. Okay. Okay. Well, um, oh, yeah, but I'm sorry guys
I try to stop thinking about riddles and we're head
So fucking hot it sucks. So this is how to use bad language without getting in trouble. Yes
Nice part very important one staying out of trouble at home. Ask your parents what you're allowed to say
That's well
That's I guess it takes a lot of the fun out of it
But I guess you can do that where it's like hey, how do we feel about bastard? No
What if I say like this bastard?
Can I say kick-ass or when referring to a donkey father?
How would you prefer I refer to a donkey father? Oh, this is good because you can do the slow erosion method here
Where it's just like ass is okay. Great. Okay. Well, I'm gonna say like kick-ass and then I'm gonna say is it cool?
If I say shit, well, what if it's just like in the mo, right and you're gonna do basically what we have done to
Like cable TV where eventually it's just like what what is the fuck ever man? Yeah, I don't have the energy to care anymore
I remember the first time someone said shit on cable TV and we were all like, whoa
Yeah, and now they can say things like, you know, really naughty words
Well like South Park had an episode where they had a counter going in the current corner of the screen and I counted
That's so fucking twisted. It was so twisted. So like a hundred times
Like a half hour is so cool
Okay
So you might want to say something in a polite tone such as I feel like I'm getting old enough to say certain things
I wasn't allowed to say before and I want to run this idea by you and see if you think there are certain words
I can say now that are less offensive than hey pop pop. I'm 10 now, right? Yeah, I want to say fuck
No, son. No, son. That's okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. What about shit? I meet you halfway. We'll do piss
We'll do piss and ass until you're 13 and then we'll see if you can show me you're responsible enough to handle piss and ass
We will circle back on shit and ass. Can I call people an ass or do I can I only say that kiss my ass?
Oh boy, son. Uh, I think I think referring to your own heinie as an ass is okay
Okay, and it's son if I find out that you went at school and said I got to take a piss or
I got to take an ass piss, which is nothing son that I got pissed out by ass. Is that anything?
That's not you've lost it. Now. You've lost both. Can I say asshole you?
Absolutely, you could say asshole. Okay, be conscious of who's around you
If you swear at home
You're giving everyone in your home the capability of hearing you make sure your parents are several rooms away before uttering a bad word
Awesome, they're both in the kitchen having another argument, but you're in your bedroom. Just going ass ass ass bastard
Well, maybe they're in their bedroom and they're saying dirty words quiet too because they don't think they're allowed to say them and say
No, you have more in common than you don't maybe it'd be cool if all the parents are all the parents and kids just got
In front of each other. This is what I'm saying. Like Justin and I have never cursed in front of each other
And I think it would really bring us together Justin would curse right now. Choose your words wisely as culture change
This is a quote, but it's not true. It's not gonna curse. I wanted to hear Justin what?
He did he said it don't make him do it twice
Fuck. All right, choose your words wisely as culture. This is a quote un-attributed as culture changes. So does what is taboo?
Sure. Awesome. Somebody probably said that at some point. Somebody must have said it at some point
I mean, it sounds like something someone's would say it's best if you determine a list of curse words that you find acceptable and won't
Accidentally offend someone that doesn't exist. Make up your own curse words. Oh, how cool is that? Oh
Piff. Oh
shooty, oh
Shig
Piff my blink. Oh
Oh, I belonged everywhere
So anyway, do not curse. I want to say in that circumstance, I don't know what belong was standing in for. Yeah, it's a little smurfy
I belonged everywhere. You shit everywhere
Do not curse in front of your parents friends, even if you're not home other parents and adults may relay what you said back to your parents
It should have an asterisk there. This one's actually a pretty good one
because I remember I had friends and we were in their car listening to the Big Monty musical soundtrack and they were like
Full Monty. Did I say Big Monty? Which I think was a pizza you could get from Monty's Pizza
so anyway, they were doing the Big Monty which meant the whole balls and everything and
Singing along. Now hold on, the full Monty is everything. The Big Monty is just one testicle and shaft. One nut. Yeah, so
They were singing along. You're holding back one testicle. They were singing along with all the cuss words in everything and I was like, okay
So we're cussing then but then there's a part that talks about smoking a joint and I sang that part out loud and they were like
Whoa Griffin, that's drugs and I was like, so wait a minute. Anyway
Using bad language at school one avoid cursing during class or to your teacher
A lot of these are just like here's how to curse don't do it in front of anybody do it in your own secret hole
Kind of cut a hole in a sheet
Hole in the backyard and lay
lay
AstroTurf over it to make your own secret space where you can say cuss words
Don't do that because if you curse that hole and then cover it up, you might grow a fuck tree
You might want to do that. Oh
Happen to Eddie Murphy in 1000 words. Exactly what happened to Eddie Murphy. We can't keep referencing that movie every episode
Then use bad language during busy times or class changes cool
Time to head to fucking math. What it's good math that you have no jurisdiction over me. Damn it. I
Can't I do apologize if a teacher hears you sometimes it feels natural to let a curse word out
If you drop a book your backpack rips open. Yeah
Yeah, in those cases if a teacher happens to overhear you and starts glaring at you
It's best to be sincere and apologize for the outburst
And especially if it's your cool teacher Mike who doesn't want you to call him like mr
Smith he's just like call me Mike you could probably curse in front of Mike as long as it's not the f-word and you
Keep your grades up. That's how he tricks you actually Mike is actually a cuss cop and he wants to catch
He's like cool, but he is not cool not Mike it is mystifying to me
I want to give a quick shout out to parents who have decided that it is worth policing profanity
Because like I honestly guys there's so many things that you have to fix about kids. Yeah, it's just a game of triage
Oh, yeah
I like we we want them to like be kind to themselves and to other people and
Even that has been a multi-year fail. Oh, man, like
It is a fucking sinkhole of
Energy and time and money. Yeah, and it is going nowhere and it has been the one thing
We've tried to do is make them decent people and you can't it's like going no
Yeah, we're at less than zero and I feel like
Shout out to you if you're like, I'm gonna do that. But also they can't say fuck
I really I don't have the energy God bless anybody who can but I'm barely getting I would rather have my daughter
BB stand in front of a room full of the judges people on earth and yell fuck with abandon if
I could just stop her from awkwardly standing on top of every unstable surface
She could find yes, like I would I'd be like, yeah, honey say whatever the fuck you want. Just please get down
What are you doing? Please get off the calculator, honey. Why would you see him? Why do you stand on daddy's computer?
Don't stand on that's even elevated that money like paper towel roll. What are you doing? Yes. Yes
Yes, you can't stand on that. It's not load-bearing
Practice being polite to school administrators. It doesn't say keep your grades up
But I think we all know I mean that's implied there. Did you say do you curse in a polite way?
You're like well, fuck you very much. I'll be moving
No
but I think if you're like a super polite valedictorian and you say fuck a teacher in the public school system is
Thrilled right like what a long game that would be if you're like in your vector
valedictorian speech and you're like anyway in closing a fuck
Oh, wow, nobody can say anything you're the valedictorian apparently cursing is good and cool, right?
Well, if you're 18 at that point, what are they gonna do? What are they gonna do?
Call vassar and get me kicked out. No fucking way man. I'm
Vassar when this goes viral. Yeah
Can you remember when you guys started college and that freshman class and you just realized like I can say fuck here
Like they're not gonna call my parents. It actually was a fuck. It wasn't something I was waiting on
All right, let me finish this because we just got to the fun part of the article which is swearing with your friends
Oh, yeah, make sure your friends are okay with cursing
It was almost fun for a second or is like do you mind hey, pardon me. Do you mind if I say ass?
Oh, thank you, Timothy. My best friend for life. I do have to ask you these questions ask your friends to keep it a secret
And then there's somebody winking and putting a little shush finger up like shh
Don't tell your parents or mine timothy cuz your parents are fucking narcs timothy
Don't get too used to cursing with your friends
Sometimes you get too comfortable swearing with the people you trust if this happens you could end up accidentally cursing around your family
This is a quick and easy way to get yourself into trouble. That's true, man. That's so to summarize
How do you use bad language without getting in trouble?
Do it in a room that nobody else is in no one's gonna hear you but Jesus and
He can definitely keep a secret. He can hang man. He can hang man with the best
I mean this dude hung out with fishermen and these people had
real dirty mouths
Do you guys remember that commercial for that gum?
Still think about it all the time. I think about fine commercials
Yeah, do you ever see those cavemen I
Actually prefer the sentient money pile from Geico. Oh, yeah. Yeah that lizard man still gets me
He's cool. Like I would hang with him. You know what I mean?
I kind of like sexy too like funny and get like I wasn't gonna say it, but I'm so glad you did
I'm looking at oh we have ads. Oh
Cool. Okay. Well, it's good one. Here's for Geico. Oh
They don't insinuate you would fuck the lizard. I didn't insinuate I would fuck the host. Stop stop stop stop stop. I'm a married man
Appreciate
Sexual lizard I can appreciate a mascots, you know, you know his raw power without like I would never if I was
You know, we sometimes not these days, but we once when we had a television show for six episodes
We didn't move in circles where we would bump elbows with celebs
Right, but if I ever did like, you know
sit on him at like a
You know a Hollywood party I would not like follow that up with like you want to get out of here
You know, I mean, yeah
What if he asked you Griffin if he asked me?
Maybe we should go to the money zone. Okay. All right. Let's let's do this. Let's go. Let's let's go make some fun
Door dash they bring you doors wherever you are on Travis. Thank you, man. Been best reading it. I'm not Justin
I haven't looked at the copy mind you but just by looking in the name. I can tell you
Are you somewhere where you need a door?
Maybe this is a never wear situation or maybe some sort of a gremlin has stolen the door off of your house
You had morning birds
Incorporated this is another door based movie
Justin I'm not done him finish monsters incorporated Griffin's made a great point
Maybe you need to get boo back to her house before Randall the weird lizard like monster
I'm losing I think they're gonna torture children that can't be it. I think that's right. Actually. Oh boy. Oh boy
Justin take the reins. I eat my ass. There's no way at this point
I have been dismissed from the ad you will find the pivot sir. I try to know if you want to
You don't have any of Justin's ass in your refrigerator
Check door dash to see if you can order some of Justin's ass to eat and have it delivered directly
To your door by one of their door dashes now
I know what you're saying, but I can't get Justin's ass at a restaurant, which is still available on door dash
But you can get Justin's as CVS at CVS at Walgreens all over the place
and that's right door dash can deliver you household essentials like cleaning products or
You know toothpaste or Justin's ass right to your door in 30 minutes or less with door dash
And door dash still connects you with the restaurants you love
But give those household items to for a limited time
Our listeners can get 25% off and zero delivery fees on their first order of $15 or more when you download the door
Dash app and enter code MB MB a M
That's 25% off up to $10 value and zero delivery fees on your first order when you download the door dash app in the app
Store and enter code MB MB a M
Don't forget that's code MB MB a M for 25% off your first order with door dash subject to change terms apply
Door dash get some of Justin's ass to eat today fresh
Brooklyn sheets are absolutely the greatest sheets on
The planet is starting to warm up a little bit. Maybe you want something a little thinner. Oh, you know what I mean?
Maybe something that'll help you sleep
Hot summer night, maybe you're in a different hemisphere. I don't know
We have a global audience no matter what you need Brooklyn and offers everything snuggly sheets cozy towels robes loungewear
I love these sheets asleep on them every night
their best-selling luck sheets are the perfect place to start if you're
Not indoctrinated into the Brooklyn and family. They don't have a
Probably not the verb they wouldn't they probably wouldn't use the terminology indoctrinated
Boy, you guys are really going hard on the J man today. The oldest brother is getting it tough, he's getting it tough
He's out here doing his best
Getting ashamed at every corner, but you know where you won't be shamed. That's at Brooklyn
and so head on over to Brooklyn and calm and use promo code my brother for
$20 off your purchase of $100 or more. That's Brooklyn and calm BR
Oh, okay. L I in en calm and in a promo code my brother for $20 off your purchase today
Brooklyn and anything goes no questions asked. I don't think that's part of the ran
I'm a psychic. My name is psychic Carrie. I'm Ross. Oh, what a pleasure to meet you
Of course, I knew your name was Ross as I am a psychic, but please take a seat
Well, I was hoping we could talk about my podcast. Yes. I know it's called Oh No Ross and Carrie
Yes, we investigate from science spirituality and claims
You took the words right out of my mouth. Yes this whole podcast
It sounds like it's been a real challenge for you lately. Actually, it's a lot of fun. Yes, exactly because it's so fun
I don't know how you do this will be
$75. Okay, that seems fair. Oh, no Ross and Carrie at maximum fund. You knew it was a dot org. I have a gift
Schmanners noun definition
Rules of etiquette designed not to judge others but rather to guide ourselves through everyday social situations. Hello Internet
I'm your husband host Travis McElroy, and I'm your wife host Teresa McElroy every week on Schmanners
We take a look at a topic that has to do with society or manners
We talk about the history of it
We take a look at how it applies to everyday life and we take some of your questions
And sometimes we do a biography about a really cool person that had an impact on how we view etiquette
So join us every Friday and listen to schmanners on maximum fun org or wherever podcasts are found
Manners schmanners get it
You
How about another question yes, yeah do it
I'm a senior guy at a small liberal arts college in May. I never thought something like this would happen. You're probably wondering
My my tan rift body
All eyes on my glistening
Glistening through my shirt they were my butt
My butt hurt prominent cocky my perp prominent cocky, but okay
Signaling all that I was ready to rut
At the beginning of every semester our Outdoors Club Oh and outdoors
amazing
Leads incoming first years on trips into the main woods. I
the main would not
I marry woods, you know, what?
Not those other words the normal woods I
Led one of those trips last August
However, after coming back and doing my laundry
I realized that one of my co leaders sports bras had actually gotten mixed up with my stuff clothes
Sometimes get misplaced among tent groups on trips about I let her know this had happened and she said she'd come and pick it up
That was seven months ago. It has not been picked up. What do I do?
Do I say nothing do a reminder to pick it up? If so, how have I passed the window?
Which this could have been done painlessly. Yes, I desperately don't want to be creepy
But I feel like any route I decided travel now would be perceived as such
This from bra boozled in Brunswick, Maine
And I do want to I do want to sympathize with you before we start trying to fix this because this is extremely challenging
you did try to do the the
Responsible adult thing here, but the problem that you now face is
You have held on to this person's bra for seven months at that because on the one hand
I know you were every day like patting it on the head as you walk out the door or something
Well, I have kept this for a long time. Yes
Yes, the problem is because yes, Justin you make an excellent point because I was going to say
Like you you told them they left it there
But but but you kept it because I don't know
Throw it in the fucking garbage can. Yeah touch their boobs. No, no, no, it's not it's but you're not
Immediately supposed to do that, but there was a day and I don't know how you would have divined this
There was a day when you should have picked it up and taken it to the trash can
I don't know what day that was though. Yeah, it wasn't seven months for certain
It was a sir. We can all agree you've overshot. I would say definitely the change of seasons like
like if you are I
Know in Maine right you got seasons you're pulling out your winter wardrobe and the bras still there
That that was the time
that was that when you're going through and you're like time to put away the Bermuda shorts and
Hawaiian shirts that we all have and wear a lot time to put those away and also
But like Chuck this bra like that's the time I would say that's the sweet spot
That's what we call that because you can't contact them again
Yeah, oh, oh no
Hey, I've had your bra for seven months you're gonna come get it or am I just gonna leave it on this hanger next to my
Tuxedo
Still here still got it. Hey, don't worry if you thought that I wouldn't cling desperately to your
Discarded bra, I definitely am doing you can now throw it away with it because the chance that another human being will contact you
And say hey
Remember seven months ago when you said you have my bra you still have it, right?
Yeah, that would be that would be wilder. I think that you're okay to after a month
I think that you're okay to throw something away where you don't mind
Reimbursing the dollar that that that's a get out of jail
Like if somebody's like hey, I asked you about a bra like six months ago
You don't still have it. The only sane answer is absolutely not like no
There's no reality which but I would happily reimburse you for it because I did this I was entrusted with it
Well, and I discard I disagree there Justin. I was not entrusted with it
You fuck it got mixed up in my shit. You didn't hand me your bra say protect. Yeah, but if that person was like
The person wasn't like drop it on the ground. Don't touch it. Meet me on a bridge
I'll be on one side you be on the other side
Yeah, they said I trust you with it and then every day that went past was another vote of confidence that you could handle this
Responsibility and you will have failed it
Because you didn't get it. Sure. Yeah, I'm worried
We sound like three real porky boys though in this exact way this about any garment. Yeah
Very literally about anything
Right if someone left a book at my house and it was and seven and I said hey you left this year
Come get it and seven months passed because here's what I'm thinking, right?
Yeah
I think the expiration date for lack of a better term of when you can like get rid of something is the amount of time
Where you feel you could reasonably respond to the request to have it back with I have no idea where it is
Right because like someone leaves your something at your house you say hey
I found your book and two days later they come to pick it up and you say I don't know where it is
You fucked up. Someone leaves a book at your house
You call six months later after like life has happened and you're like I've cleaned up so many times since then
That book could be anywhere is a fair response to it's been six months, dude
Like I I think I'm getting really impassioned about this
I can tell I don't know where anything in my house is at any given time
Sure, let alone something that's not mine and I have no emotional or spiritual connection to
Can I ask you something that like this is gonna seem weird when I initially say it
Give it a second before you sweat it down. What about like?
Just putting it in a bag and leaving it on their porch. Oh, that's great
Now what kind of look at what kind of bag?
Because the details are very important right now used
No, no, not a used Kroger bag. That's a threat what you just described
But I have so many of them and I care about the environment. It's like take them back to a Kroger
They have a bag or can't reset. Do they have a bag recycler there? They could turn them into like, yeah
Well, I keep them. I mean, I don't want I don't need to do what you're saying
I keep them and use them for lots of stuff like threatening people with gloves
I make makeshift gloves and boots, you know, okay. Wow for my kids
They go so fast. They don't grow garbage bags. Yeah, that's fair
But you just put it on and put it in a Kroger bag. No, and then you leave on a door. No
Like what's wrong with that? It's a threat just it's not a threat Travis. What are they threatening it?
Why would it be a threat? It feels somehow because okay
I feel like sometimes we blow past Travis's bad idea so fast that he's not forced to
Reinforce it. So speak on this
Threat because after seven months the chance that this person is forgotten that you have their sports was very high
So now and I'm assuming here you're not leaving a note incorrect
Okay, but the possibility that they have forgotten is there you they have forgotten?
Yes, you hang the bra in a bag. They open the door. It's there
someone has left an article of clothing that
They might remember is theirs on the doorknob in a bag a plastic bag and it's just a loose bra in there
No, they see the brothel immediately you are assuming that now a hundred percent. I feel very okay
Remember Justin and then it will be weird. You're right. You'll be weird hearing you lay it out like that. I realize
Okay, bring bring Tom did you did you you know?
I remember now that I thought about did you just come and without like ringing the doorbell and just handing it to me?
You left it in a used Kroger bag hanging from the doorknob for me to find the next time I went to exit my do
You hate me?
What about this? What if you say hey, I'm moving and I'm getting packed up and I ran across this old bra of yours
And they brought back so many great memories. I didn't mean to keep it. I
Promise I just didn't throw it away. I found it in my roommate's room. He's a real creep. No, it's not creepy
It's just like do you want the bra? Do you want it back?
It's no big deal. It could be yours
It could be I think that the window if they wanted it back
They would have come and gone what I'm saying is you have to invent a fiction where you've encountered the bra again
Yes, you don't move there. You are old friend. It's a lie. No, you're not moving up a new place
Father couldn't swing it. Yeah unpacked everything opened up underneath it. You probably heard about it in the new you didn't hear about it
Oh, you might hear about it tomorrow. I gotta go
I actually get an early edition. So
Yeah, I get I get early edition so I'm thinking of a sinkhole tomorrow
I gotta go
Hit me that shovel. I got like prevent it or whatever. Where's your car parked? Yeah, you should move it cuz that's sinkhole country
I was gonna move across the street. Bye
Do you think he's ever like?
Okay, are you early edition early edition?
It'll be so cool because you can do this and then you can put it like pretty high. It's Justin. Hey, Justin
This is the newspaper. Okay, cool
Um, can you put in a classified ad that said hey Justin it was weird with the bra
Don't just forget about it and throw it in the trash. So that's who you want the classified. I have to say yeah
Yeah, yeah, put it in the paper
Okay, and then you would get it that more. Yeah. Oh, you've hacked the early edition conundrum, right?
Yeah, you really on early edition. They never showed him like looking at the sales ads and it's like, ah tomorrow
It's various. Oh, look at this with a winning lot. Oh, come on. No
Fisher Stevens always wanted to use the winning lot of numbers. Oh, but then
Kyle from Friday Night Lights knew that if he did that then he would lose access to the paper
at most he would do like
Here's a solution to yesterday's. Yeah, and he'd be like a size
On my phone that the last listener stopped the show
Hey
Rebooting early edition. I think it's just okay. It's just us guys want to talk. Do you guys want to my social security number?
I hope they reboot Cupid for a third time. No. Yep
Okay. Okay, Jeremy Piven in that originally a rock block of rebooted Fantasy Island. Yeah, let's first
So you're saying as long as yeah, I mean, I guess if nobody's listening we can talk about all the
Bathroom you want Jeremy Piven to start in the bathroom right now a bit. I'm going I know
I don't want Jeremy Piven to be in it again. He wasn't in it when they were you be rebooted at the first time
Oh, what was the one Gryphon with the dude who?
Was super lucky and like oh
Target no, that was a separate one human target was really good
This is one where he had like really good luck. Oh, I would like yeah help people in London. You remember lucky buck
I think it was called lucky buck. I think it's called lucky buck dear. He was half dear. Yes, and it starts on candy
But he like what but like a kick-ass John candy. Hey, so let's wrap up the show while Justin's gone
Do you think we are able do you think we're responsible I don't I feel like we shouldn't do things when Justin's not here because he's
like
He's kind of like this the director of the show of the he's like the grown-up. Well, not though great. He's the most grown-up
Yeah, I mean he's the oldest of us. Yeah. I
Mean I could talk about a couple things while he's gone
Yeah, go ahead and do that because I know he hates that part. Yeah, when I when I talk no
Go ahead and do it. Okay
Well, we got a couple things coming up that are very exciting in my opinion
First of all, the 20 rendezvous fancy takes flight tour tickets for all shows are on sale now at bit.ly slash
McElroy tours we got stops in st. Louis, Kansas City, Minneapolis, Boston, Mashantucket
Salt Lake City, Portland, San Diego, Washington, Detroit, Cincinnati and a virtual test show in May
For those mask and proof of full vaccination or negative COVID tests within 72 hours of event start are required
Also, I'm doing a virtual speaking of cussing a virtual cuss show which stands for the Cincinnati Underground Society show
on April 1st at 9 p.m. Eastern Time you can get those tickets at
Cincy ticket calm slash cuscares
Raising money for two great organizations here in Cincinnati one is Bethany House
Which has a focus towards families experiencing or at risk of experiencing homelessness as well as a couple free fridges
Here in Cincinnati and right across the river in Kentucky that we're gonna stock with COVID tests and masks
You can get those tickets at Cincy with a lie ticket calm slash cuscares
we're gonna have some great guests including Rob Corddry and
Christina Arielle and
Adam Brody, it's gonna be really really fun
Also, dad's got a children's book coming out called Goldie's guide to grandchilding
It comes out May 10th and you can pre-order at link tree. That's link tr.ie slash Goldie's guide
Over at the merch store. We got the mystery pin of the month, which is a random pin of the month from the past
We got the candle nights 2021 video on demand
Which is pay what you want all proceeds going to Harmony House and you can find that at macro emerge calm
Thank you to montaigne for the use for a theme song my life is better with you it
It has I don't want to say Montaigne's gonna be on on the Cuscare show, too. Okay
Someone's changed the heart of the nation. Oh, yeah
I was gonna say okay it fixed so much if also if you haven't been over to the macro YouTube channel recently
You really should we got fun stuff over there Griffin is doing a randomized link to the past run
We're with one-hit kills called trial by Fieri because these character
It looks like Guy Fieri if you can imagine and I'm doing a Stardew Valley playthrough called to take me home Stardew Roads
Every just somebody use what are you live streaming on YouTube? Yeah, good. Get up on there
I mean, I know I need this step up my game. It's a little bit like an elven ring run
It's that something people just don't it just you should speed run FMV games. Oh, yeah
Bring back a quest
Yeah, I don't know how to do the different
I know how to put me on a video and I know how to kind of put the video game on the video
But doing both at the same time seems
How you make everyone watch it like yeah
Phone on the screen. Yeah, how do I make it come up on there? I have a cool team who helps me set all that up
Oh, you use Bryce. Yeah. Yeah, Bryce is great. Yeah
The I tell you the biggest thing is flying him in from Austin. Yeah
But it's worth it every week. One time my email was like weird and Bryce fixed it. Oh, yeah
I mean he's good for that too. He also knows where to get drugs, which is cool. He hit Wow, that is yeah, actually
So it's CVS. Well, that's all my prescriptions for me. So that's the podcast. Yeah. All right
For today's ending bit. I got something really special lined up. Oh
Okay, another
improvisational
Yeah, well this one's gonna get a little political because I thought I would do
Political guy this time
So I've been working really hard on this one. Okay, here we go Griffin. Yeah
So you guys remember Chris Christie?
Yeah
Uh-huh. Yeah, I
Think he sounds a little something like this. I
The term the turnpike, uh
I'm gonna I'm gonna do it no
Uh, that's what they that's what Obama would say
That's gonna do it first
That was not a good that's no you did that was not a very good one
This has been my brother my brother may kiss your dad square the lips
You
Maximum fun org comedy and culture artists owned audience supported
