The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother and Me, an advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. It's an
interesting energy, Justin. Yeah, it's weird. I'm sweet baby brother 30 under 30 media luminary
Griffin McElroy. I don't know if y'all saw the news. I know y'all did on the call, but y'all
who are listening to the episode. Y'all proper. We're gonna be writing a book, a comic book,
five issues of one. I prefer funny book. There's different classifications. There's
comics and graphic novels, and my art is funny books. I like to do funny books. I like to do the
funny pages. Silly papers. It's called Journey into Mystery. It's part of the, what is it,
Thor Fight series, something about Thor. Thor Fight 2019. Thor's fighting everyone on this one,
and we are, I guess the big headline here is we're writing a funny book. It'll be out in April,
but we are also officially co-workers with Wolverine. Yep. I'm three cubicles down from
Logan. So I'm in a completely different department from Logan, and my interactions with him are all
in the kitchen, and they are pretty bad because of all the pranks he does to me. I'm kind of his
Dwight. He did my stuff in Jell-O, and he stabbed my dad three times. He stabbed my dad once,
but it counted as three because he has three knives, but how is he being near him? Is he
listening to loud music? Yeah, and here's the thing. The motherfucker hums along with the music.
Just under the level of loud enough that you would feel comfortable saying something to Gladys,
the office manager. You're saying Gladys is like, it's not that loud, but it's loud enough
that I can't not hear it. Yeah. Hi, guys. It's me, the manager, Justin. Hi, Justin. Hi,
Justin. I couldn't help but overhear you all talking about Logan, and I'm not sure that you're
really producing the healthiest work environment with these kinds of comments. Well, Justin,
just real quick, I left a note on your desk for HR about the dad-stabbing incident, so I feel like
it's weird that you're coming to me first. I don't want to step on Griffin's toes, but I feel like
the humming thing is as bad as the dad-stabbing thing. Well, multiply mine by three, because again,
three knives in this guy's hand. Yeah, but he hums every day, Griffin. Sure, sure, sure. Okay. Well,
that's a fair point. Listen, guys, why don't you take a seat and we'll get this all sorted out.
Oh, boy. Oh, see, I wasn't looking at our conversation. That was the chair scooting back.
That's me sitting down in it. Berkey, could you get? Berkey! Can you get Logan down here?
Oh, goodness. Berkey, get Logan down here and ask him to- I don't want to confront him,
he's a super hero. I'm afraid he's going to get mad. Okay, here he comes. He's going to stay
completely silent though, Trav, so don't worry about it. He won't yell at me. Oh, he's wearing
flip flops again. Oh, man. Logan, if you could just sit right there. You remember Travis and Griffin?
Hey, Logan. Hey, Logan. Logan. I'm sorry, can he put the knives in his hand when we're doing this?
I feel like it's a little threatening. I don't know how you- I know you snicked him out,
I don't know what sound it makes when they go back in. Oh, see, when you weren't looking,
he had just one of them out, like the middle finger. And Justin, that's what we're talking
about. That's the kind of shit we're talking about. Logan, guys. Slip your knife back up
into your hand and let's talk about this like adults. Logan, put them away. Thank you. Logan.
I said put them away, Logan.
See, I can't deal with this. How am I supposed to do Marvel's accounting work and write a comic
book while Logan's doing this? Logan, this is uncomfortable. This is- let me back up.
You've given a lot of great work to this company. We love the blue and orange and yellow suit.
We were wild about the orange and brown one. And then one day you just refused to wear costumes at
all. Yeah, you just kind of went tank top and jeans, which- I'm sorry, I didn't jump in. I was a fan.
Thank you. We were all trying to let that slide, Logan, but at this point, we-
Hey guys, do we have to be careful about what we say about a lot of things now?
This is just now occurring to me as I'm trying to inhabit this great character.
No, comedy is all about just being, you know, offensive and being an offensive
rude boy. And so like, I think we can say whatever we want. Devil may care.
Yeah, I think Justin, Frankenstein teen, become the monster.
Yeah.
Deadpool sucks. There.
Oh no, we can't say that.
Take that, Marvel. I don't think you should say that.
No, I enjoyed those movies actually quite a bit.
I just watched- actually, I just watched the second half of the second one. This is being a
father. I watched the first half of the second one two months ago and thought I should circle
back around the second half of the second one.
Hey, can we get back into the bit?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Okay.
Okay.
Logan, I just wanted to say that like, you may think you're hot shit with your
knife hands, but I just wanted to say, we are the ones writing this particular comic.
And I don't think you are necessarily in it, but we could put you in it.
And then I could, like, for instance, I could write a scene where Magneto gets up
close to you and farts so bad and you smell it and die like an idiot.
Yeah. You know what? We don't even need to write you into it. We can just have a character say,
like, Logan told me the other day he likes to eat poop that he finds.
And yeah, Spider-Man's like, it's too bad about Wolverine. And then somebody else is like,
what's wrong? And Spider-Man's like, Magneto farted in his face and he smelled it so bad
he died like an idiot.
Mm-hmm. And like, maybe like Kate Bishop is like, I heard that Logan went down a
water slide so fast that his underpants ripped off. And like, he was really embarrassed.
And no one will sell him underpants.
And now no one will sell him underpants.
So he's naked all the time.
Yeah, and he smells like Magneto's fart because it lingers in all of his chest hair.
Yeah, and his sideburns and stuff.
Would you like, hey, would you like that, Wolverine?
You wouldn't like that, would you?
I don't care, dude. I've got no more dads to stab, bud.
You stabbed all the dads. Wait, it's my dad too. Hold on, this is just occurring to me.
Logan.
Yeah.
We could make him have a, like, a tattoo that says Lemon Diet Coke forever.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, on this topic, could I, could I, like, solve the, you know, the big fight that we're writing
with, like, me, Griffin, coming in and stopping it, and then, like, I get to be in the movies?
This is my favorite thing that people who, like, write, get their own comic series,
like TV shows or whatever.
They make a character and, like, they establish, like, that character is low-key, not low-key,
low-key the strongest character in, like, the, the comics universe.
Sure.
If you did that, it's like you just introduced Griffin and he's invincible and two times
stronger than the Hulk and, like, he, he shoots webs, but better than Spider-Man.
Yeah.
We don't have, we don't have Peter Parker in ours, but, like, this, this sort of example
would work better if we do. What if we, like, had a scene where Spider-Man took off his
mask and it was Peter Parker, and then everybody's, like, gasp, and he's, like,
oh, you ain't seen nothing yet, and he pulls it off and it's me, and it's actually-
Oh, shit.
Been me the entire time since, like, the 20s. I don't know.
Yeah, you know what I like, what would be better is then he tears off his suit and it's
the Hulk's body, but Justin's head and face.
See, I don't need that much. I'm happy if, like, Thor comes back to, like, I don't know,
finish his, his big fight or whatever, and where's he been? Well, he's been with me and
I've been coaching him. I'm Thor's life coach.
I see.
And without me, and he says this numerous times, without Travis, I am nothing.
Well, and then-
So, like, I'm not the most powerful, but, like, the most powerful needs me.
And I'll just, I'll just write in that Thor finds his estranged father, Thor Senior, and
that's me.
Whoa. And then he unstabs our dad.
If we have time, we'll find room to work in the undead stabbing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We could have Spider-Man say, you know, a great man once told me, with great power comes
great responsibility. And then someone else says, oh, yeah, you're Uncle Ben. And then
Peter Parker says, no. The only thing my Uncle Ben ever told me is, hey, shut up, wheel is
on. Enjoy this rice. And enjoy the rice. And the Yankees have no hitting this year.
Those are the two things my Uncle Ben ever said to me. No, my best friend Justin McElroy,
a grown adult, said those things to me, and it really inspired me and changed my life.
I'll never forget when Justin was gunned down by those gangsters while saving all of those
orphans and puppies. And his dying breath, he said, with great power comes great responsibility.
And don't do Spider-Man 2.
And then he got one more thing in before he died, and it was Wolverine smell magnate.
And then later, when no one expected it, he came back.
He was the greatest hero of them all, Superman 2.
And Superman squared.
And Superman times Hulk.
Superman plus Hulk.
Justin McElroy this entire time has been Superman on Hulk's shoulders.
Go get him, son.
With an Iron Man suit on.
Sorry about your luck, Hitler.
Oh, yeah, he's from the 40s. I love that vibe.
That's also Super Justin's catchphrase.
He says that all the time, even when not fighting Hitler.
He's just so popular that one time he fought Hitler, he can't stop saying it.
We are, do we send this part to a lawyer, like the first 13 minutes to a lawyer,
just to protect, just to have a lawyer look at it and check our work?
Just kind of make sure it's all clear.
Anyway, it's called Journey into Mystery, comes out April 10th,
and it's going to be like five issues, so.
A bunch of people said you should have waited 10 days and it's like, yeah, those are the decisions we get to make.
The day comes out.
We called up the Marvel president people and we're like, do you guys know about weed?
You guys know weed, right?
Y'all know about weed, right?
Ask Mickey about weed.
Okay, so anyway, this is a podcast.
It's an advice show or something.
We say that it's so much more, it's really more of a family at this point.
Sometimes it's so much less, though.
Some families podcast.
We're getting to the point where it's finally feeling like family, folks.
So, I was cleaning out my closet over the holiday season,
and I found this unwrapped present hiding in a back corner.
It's a Christmas present, still wrapped, from four years ago,
that my now roommate gave to me to give to one of our other friends.
I obviously never did that.
So what do I do?
If I open it and keep it, my roommate will know I never gave it to the person I was supposed to.
Should I just keep it in my closet forever?
That's from poor present transporter in California.
I'm going to assume then that that's a misprint in the beginning
where you say you found an unwrapped present and then say it was still wrapped.
You probably meant you found a wrapped present.
An un-un-un unwrapped.
I will count.
Everything's just an unwrapped present, if you think about it.
Yeah.
Issue, unwrapped present.
This poem, unwrapped present.
Unwrapped present.
Except for explicitly wrapped presents.
Or not them.
Hey, this is a bad ruse you've got going.
Because there's a huge sort of failure point here in it.
And it's that the roommate will at some point have...
The roommate could ostensibly find out that the person they meant to give the present to
never received it.
And whether that's they go to their house and it's like,
where's the punch bowl, punch bowl, punch bowl,
looking for the punch bowl, where's the punch bowl?
And it's not there.
Or they explicitly just say,
hey, do you ever use that punch bowl I got you?
Then the jig is up.
And then they're going to assume that you stole it, pawned it.
Hey, did you...
I've been meaning to ask you,
did you like that ferret I bought you?
Oh, no.
It's...
You gotta fess up, I feel like.
I know that our position on these matters is usually very like,
zag on them,
2015, lie and steal and be bad.
But listen, it's 2019.
It's time for you to become the monster.
By which I mean confront your fear of how bad this is going to be
when you do own up to not delivering on this Christmas cheer.
Because I'm not going to lie to you.
You fucked up pretty bad.
Yeah, but what if...
Okay, this is different from advice we've ever given.
But what if you just walked up to the other friend,
the one that is supposed to get the present,
and you say,
hey, I fucked up real bad.
My roommate, our friend,
gave me this present and gave it to you,
and I completely forgot about it.
It's been four years.
Yes, I fucked up, but here you go.
And, and, please don't tell them.
And never to.
You can't ever tell anyone.
I don't agree.
If I'm looking at the...
If I'm looking at a chart right now,
people who are angry, none.
Right?
If you give them the gift,
that person's angry instantly.
There's one person angry.
If they tell your other friends,
if they tell your other friends, that's two people angry.
And you're not feeling so hot yourself.
It seems like everyone is more upset
now that you have given this present away.
Other thing is,
put it in the closet and forget about it.
And then if your friend is like,
oh man, come on, get the present.
You could be like,
oh shit, hold on, let me fix it.
And then they're kind of mad,
but you have plausible deniability.
It seems to me that if you suddenly
just decide to deliver it,
it seems very intentional.
I feel like that would make me much more frustrated
than just letting them like...
We both have stuff.
Go Travis.
Okay.
Put it in your now roommate's closet
when they're not home.
Oh.
Like under a t-shirt or something.
And then your roommate will be like,
hey, what's this?
And you're like, I don't know, what?
So listen, I'm giving you two options.
One, complete honesty.
Two, the deepest lie.
You never gave it to me.
You fucked up.
Put it in the recipient's bed while they're sleeping.
And then you wake up.
What I will say is what's gonna really
take the edge off this.
Don't do it right now,
holy shit, this close to the holidays.
No way.
In May, in fucking August,
when you want a big fun holiday
to just get psyched out of your mind,
but there's not a whole lot there for you.
And then you get a Christmas present?
It doesn't matter how old it is.
It doesn't matter how dusty,
how many cobwebs it's developed on its hide.
That's exciting.
Christmas in August.
And then you give it to him and you say,
this is from me.
Oh, okay.
I don't like that.
You don't know what it is though.
Oh wait, that's like a call.
It might be shitty.
Could be a framed picture
of this person in their roommate.
This is from me.
A picture of you in my roommate.
How about a Yahoo?
Sure, yeah.
I mean, here's one from Elliot.
Thank you, Elliot.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user
who I'm gonna call
Muscly James.
There's an ad.
There's a man running on a treadmill.
He's huge.
Muscly James asks,
what is a polite way to pocket pick?
These days when you hear about thefts,
there is, it's usually not cute.
I feel like the era of the gentleman thief
or gentle person thief is well over.
Is there anything that we can get going again
by doing a polite pocket pick?
Here's what you do.
You wait at an airport in like, say,
I don't know, Montreal, right?
For a plane that just got there from America.
You pick their pocket and take their American money.
But what's that?
You've slipped some Canadian bills in there.
I see, yes.
So you have picked their pocket,
but also they don't have to hit up the currency exchange.
Now, but maybe the Travis McElroy gentleman thief
exchange rate is gonna be a little bit different.
Well, yes, absolutely.
But I would pay a little bit extra
to be saved having to interact with another human being
while doing an exchange that I have no idea how it works.
That's my nightmare.
There's something that you can leave in there.
There's something you can leave in there
that will not only take the edge off,
you will feel like you have come out
on top of the equation.
And I'm having trouble.
It's not candy.
I feel like candy would be good for a second.
Then you'd be like, well, I can't go to bars
because I don't have my shit anymore.
Mm-hmm, a better wallet?
Now, Juice, does it have money and stuff
and cards in there?
A better life.
A better life.
A new life.
And they can better life.
Okay, are you switching wallets?
Is it the Gentleman Thief's?
Switches your wallet with a different wallet
that contains within its folds a better life,
a way forward for you and Janine and the girls.
A new chance at the life you always swore you'd have.
Credit cards, a driver's license,
an acceptance letter to that prep school
that you tried to get the girls into for so long
and never could quite pull it off.
It's a new start.
Janine, it's what we waited for.
We have to take this chance.
It's a miracle.
It's like the address on the driver's license,
like your new house.
Exactly, it's a new start.
There's pictures of well-trained dogs in your wallet.
Daryl, we can't just-
Daryl's dead.
My name is Victor.
Victor Newchance.
It says right here on my new wallet.
My name is Victor Newchance
and your name is still Janine, I guess.
There's no driver's license for you.
There's no driver's license for you.
Maybe I'm supposed to go by myself,
Janine, but I'm taking you and the girls with me.
Let's be conspicuous.
I hope nobody switches Janine's wallet.
She's got a lot of money.
And nothing going on, really.
No big opportunities on her horizon.
Close doors for Janine.
Big, open butt pockets.
Where the wallet lives.
That could be really good, Justin.
Just a new start.
Or maybe a little puzzle.
Maybe a puzzle.
Sort of a skill testing puzzle.
Yeah.
Like one of those where it's like
you try to get the little metal beads into the holes.
That kind of thing.
Any kind of puzzle really, Trav.
Like a word search?
Sure, man.
Any puzzle that you could think of
is probably equally funny, I would guess.
A crossword.
A sudoku.
Man, you know a lot of puzzles.
I gotta give it up.
You could say if you solve the puzzle,
you're gonna get your wallet back.
I'm watching.
And they stay there
and they spend a couple hours working on the puzzle.
By the time they solve it,
we're sitting on a beach, earning 20%.
But then when they solve it,
we do have to give their wallet back.
Trav, did you not fucking hear what I said?
But you said that if they solve it,
you would give their wallet back.
But I can't, Trav,
because unless they're on the beach,
earning 20% with me.
Well, you would go back to where they are.
But the 20% needs me there at the beach.
But then why tell them,
Griffin, why tell them to solve the puzzle then
if you're not gonna give it back?
Because it seems like a waste of time.
What about a lotto ticket?
Ooh.
Now, if you do that a million times,
somebody is gonna be helped by that.
Somebody's gonna be helped by that.
And then karmically, I think you still come out on top.
But can you imagine if it happened the first time, Griffin?
Oh, beans.
The first wallet you steal,
you put, oh, it won $38 million or whatever.
That is a barrel of beans.
You're not gonna keep pickpocketing after that.
Oh, shoot, I'd be so freaking PO'd.
Your fire's gone out.
You don't wanna pick any pockets.
Do people still pick pockets?
When a criminal wants something from you,
I feel like they usually go through a less savory.
I was convinced growing up
that anywhere where there were more than three people,
you are 95% likely to get pickpocketed.
Interesting.
And so I think maybe what happened is the wallet chain
made the gentleman pickpocket go extinct.
Yeah.
Oh, it's attached to him.
I saw a lot of wallet chains in the late 90s, early aughts,
and I never saw one of them prevent a theft
and damn it, I really wish I had
because that would have been so funny.
I did see them facilitate a lot of skateboard accidents.
Let's say, because I'll tell you this.
If I pull a wallet out of Jinko Jeans,
which were made to be stolen from,
what with their jumbo.
They're like some sort of carnival game.
Yeah.
But a carnival game for kids, you know,
like this is the kids version of Skee-Ball.
I could steal a wallet from one butt popper
from one butt pocket while dunking a tennis ball
full force into the other one.
They would be none the wiser.
But then they would have the wallet chain.
I bet you dollars to donuts.
If it was me and I was at the mall and I got this wallet
and I pulled it and then had the initial snap back
of hitting that chain tension
and then the skater looks back at me,
I bet you I could pull that wallet hard enough
to either rip the pants or break the chain.
I could either rip the pants or break the chain.
And now you're in a real pickle
because one, your pants are torn and messed up
and they're falling down
and everybody's laughing at you, Wolverine.
Or two, I have now a weapon on a chain
that I can use against you.
I have a wallet flail.
How about another question?
Yes.
Would that be okay?
I tend to sneeze rather loudly.
I'm not doing it on purpose or anything.
Uh-huh.
It's just how I've always sneezed.
A few days ago at work, I noticed a coworker of mine
give me a dirty look after I sneeze.
I figured I was just imagining things
until about an hour later
when I noticed her glance over my direction
and then sneeze so loudly, she was nearly screaming.
Should I just shrug it off?
Nearly screaming, huh?
Or does this mean?
That's from Achoo and Appalachia.
Hey, listen, it's me, Justin.
I've got a lot of human foibles and faults.
This is coming from a place of 100% humility.
My heart is open to you.
You should sneeze quieter.
You just should sneeze a little quieter
and I don't think you consciously make the choice
every time you sneeze to sneeze very loudly
but I think you did make it one time when you were seven
and you said, fuck it.
This is fine.
This is fine.
I'm gonna blow the doors off these motherfuckers.
Here we go.
And then you blew it up
and then years and years and years and years later,
you don't remember this being a conscious choice
but my thing for you would just be
one thing to work on in 2019
would just be to sneeze quieter.
Or at least carry a thick flannel handkerchief
that you might muffle said sneeze.
Is that it?
Did you sleeve it?
Did you cover that?
Oh, you gotta cover that.
Yeah, you gotta vampire.
Because if you sneeze that loudly.
Oh, shit.
Become the monster, folks.
If you gotta sneeze, vampire it.
Yes.
Yeah, you gotta vampire.
It's not bad.
There are people who are like,
why did you pick a bad thing and say people do bad stuff?
We're not.
Sleeve it, sneeze it.
It can mean so many things.
If you take it to mean that you should do bad things
then you are already a bad monster.
Let me say this.
You're looking at that, you're like,
do I need another cookie?
Hey, become the monster.
Become the monster, go for it.
Cookie monster.
Yes, for sure.
Anyway, we're getting so far away from it.
All right, guys.
Probably the angriest I've ever been in my entire life
is being in a room of people working
and somebody does one of those screams.
There's one of those sneezes where they scream
in the first part, you know what I mean?
Like, ah-choo.
And then they give that look like,
ah, shucks, that's just the way I sneeze.
It's fucking not.
Just sneeze quieter, please, for the rest of us.
Just sneeze quieter.
Your vocal cords are still putting that stank on it.
This is coming from Justin
who used to do a drum roll before he used to sneeze.
Right, I used to do a grill.
We all get our attention in different ways.
He did, he would go like, brr-chish.
That's not a joke.
He would really do it.
He sounded like Yoshi doing a butt stomp on his grill.
It was amazing.
But I'm saying it was just a way to get attention.
We all do these things in school
and then we grow and we move past them.
You have to stop sneezing so loudly.
You're bothering everyone, please.
Think about it.
Just sneeze quieter.
You can do it, I believe in you.
You don't need to get in a sneeze fight with this person.
This is a professional environment.
But can I say something that doesn't bother me?
If this person follows my sage advice
and they start sneezing quieter,
then his coworker, let's call that person Shimmy.
So when Shimmy notices the next time you sneeze
and it's quieter, Shimmy's gonna think that she's cowed you.
Yeah, she's won through,
I would say some very shameful play.
Oh, then might I suggest.
Now wait, now Travis, you started talking very quickly
and sometimes when that happens,
the sounds are funny, but the ideas are bad or challenging.
Uh-huh, well, I think, no fear here.
You won't even let me get through the sentence
when I tell you to think about the ideas.
These just be extremely challenging.
Hold on, wait, hold on.
My mind moves so quickly, Justin.
Let me open a fresca, okay.
Hold on, let me get comfortable
because I've tried to help you twice preemptively.
There will be no post-emptive help
for what you're about to do.
Okay, you're going to start sneezing quieter, but prouder.
So when you feel a sneeze coming on,
stand up, maybe put your foot up on the chair
and spread your arms like you're about to deliver
like an operatic solo.
Like Scott Stapp.
Yeah, sneeze politely, bow, sit back down.
That's good.
You could also just sneeze quieter
and then Shimmy will sneeze louder
and then come over and be like,
looks like my sneeze was louder
and then you gesture all over your desk and you say,
yes, but mine was wetter.
I hate it.
Mine was so wet.
So you can keep your decibels.
Let's take a brief sojourn at this point in the program
and go peruse the wares over at the Money Zone.
Welcome stranger.
Welcome stranger to the Money Zone.
I'm very excited this week to tell you about Ring.
Ring's mission is to make neighborhoods safer
with smart video doorbells and cameras
that protect millions of people everywhere.
What does that mean, you ask?
Well, you connect it to your phone wherever you are.
There's a camera on the Ring doorbell.
It senses motion or people can like, you know,
push the button, pause up on your phone.
You look at it, see who's there, takes videos.
If you're worried about like people stealing your packages
and stuff, which I always am,
then this video doorbell is for you.
Or if you just want to see who's at the door
before you like get up and go open it, you need Ring.
And so as a listener,
you have a special offer on a Ring starter kit
available right now with a Ring doorbell
and motion activated floodlight camera.
The starter kit has everything you need
to start building a Ring of security around your home.
Just go to ring.com slash my brother.
That's ring.com slash my brother.
Did y'all see a video guy made a box
and it shot glitter everywhere
and did fart spray when people stole it?
I mean, yeah, I guess that's fine.
How come I didn't know there was fart spray
until that video?
How did I not know that we have successfully synthesized it?
I don't know.
I guess they're just not on the blogs.
There's no cure for canker sores,
but we still, we made fart spray.
Good work, science.
Hey, here's one for Quip.
I brushed my teeth with it today.
These are toothbrushes that are battery powered.
And used by Griffin, each one.
They shake and shimmy in your mouth.
They do a little cleaning dance.
And you put it in there for two minutes
and it has these sonic vibrations.
And then it just gets those guys pearly white again.
And it's wonderful.
I'd like to travel with it because I have a little thing
and it's like a cover for it,
but then you can turn it upside down
and stick it on your mirror.
And then like it's a little holster for it.
Like it's a cool cowboy gun.
So if you want to get Quip and have a cool toothbrush gun,
I want you to go to getquip.com slash my brother right now.
And also when you do that,
you get your first refill pack of toothbrush heads for free.
They've got over one million happy, healthy mouths.
So get your mouth happy and healthy too.
The toothbrushes start at just 25 bucks
and you get your first refill pack for free
at G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash my brother.
Genre film fans, hear me, I know you're out there.
Do not be ashamed of your love for gore,
action, sci-fi or fantasy.
It's time to come out of the shadows
because on Switchblade Sisters,
we celebrate our love for genre films.
I'm film critic, April Wolf.
Each week I have a conversation
with a different female filmmaker
about their fave genre film.
And we cover film craft, getting projects off the ground,
working with actors and our general love for genre movies.
I've had so many great guests like Heather Gramp.
In the past, it's like so many films are made by men
that the female point of view is not always respected,
which is why all these stories haven't come out till now.
Jennifer's body director, Karan Kusama.
I think there's a lot more fantasy
and a lot more expectation projected onto a woman director.
Comedian and actor, Kate Berlant.
I mean, it sounds so cheesy to talk about it in yourself.
Like you just keep going, you know, I'm just a vessel.
Like I just do it, you know, I don't think,
but like that is what it is.
And many others.
So check out Switchblade Sisters every Thursday
on MaximumFun.org or wherever you get your podcasts.
It's getting more operatic.
That was very like a, like a medieval,
you know, Dark Ages fife-ing.
I enjoyed it.
I have two this week and some we do them as a combo
because they're both less substantial.
Either one would have been a good Munch Squad Junior,
but I'm going to do one.
Is that the conversion rate to Munch Squad Juniors
equals one Munch Squad Senior?
This one kind of bums me out,
but I'm going to go ahead and say it.
Oh no.
Tim Tebow teams with Core Life Eatery for Food Revolution.
Oh no.
Welcome to Tim Tebow's Food Revolution.
The first paragraph of this fast food press release says,
what if you could change your life in just 21 days?
Professional athlete Tim Tebow is teaming up
with Core Life Eatery, an active lifestyle restaurant,
offering a variety of greens, grains,
and broth-based dishes to do exactly that.
Tebow is taking the Core Life Challenge
and it wants you to join him.
So this is a...
The Core Life Challenge is a 21-day food revolution.
All of these days I'm assuming you will eat
at Core Life Eatery, I have to imagine.
That's a brand built around clean eating,
which doesn't mean anything.
Wait, it's a 21-day challenge
where you have to eat at this same restaurant every day?
Yes, I know.
What a great challenge.
If that's the case, then I unconsciously did
the Wendy's Challenge in college a lot.
So it's promoting overall wellness.
It encourages you to take control of your health.
Although I would argue,
if you're eating at the same restaurant every day,
you're letting Tim Tebow take care of your health.
Tebow takes the wheel.
Me, Tim Tebow.
Are you okay?
Are you okay?
I'm worried about you.
I'm stopping you at the door with my football body.
Core Life Eatery and co-founder Todd Mansfield,
who spent decades practicing physical therapy
and functional medicine, which means lying,
is trading nutrition,
design the challenge to provide simple guidelines
to improve health and also presumably tricks
to get people to eat at the same place for 21 days in a row.
During these 21 days, you'll get recharged,
refueled, not refunded though,
and embark on your personal journey,
journey towards living a healthier lifestyle
and living in fucking soylent green,
becoming the healthiest version of yourself.
The challenge begins on Wednesday, January 16th,
and you're gonna get daily emails with helpful tips
and special offers to help you stay motivated
and on track from Tim Tebow, I guess.
Hey, it's Tim.
Are you gonna come into the restaurant today?
We're all missing you.
Didn't see you there yesterday,
and I'm worried you might be dead
because you're not eating healthy.
Here's a quote from Tim Tebow, footballer.
For our best performance, we need the very best food,
says Tim Tebow, who's credited here
as a Core Life Eatery enthusiast.
His parents must be so proud.
Congratulations, Tim.
Core Life Eatery provides the top quality fuel
your body needs to detox, refuel,
and begin 2019 by getting on the path
towards being a healthier you.
Detoxing, of course, can be performed
by anyone with a kidney or liver.
You don't need Tim Tebow to make you chicken.
You don't need to eat Tim Tebow's special chicken
every day to get detoxed.
Anyway, what does it help if Tim Tebow
massages your liver and kidney?
Does that help?
Can the three of us get Cleveland Brown's
fullback, Refrigerator Perry, to do a challenge for us?
And it's just like, eat wherever the fuck you want.
And don't eat at Tebow's place.
Don't go to Tebow's place.
Don't go to Tebow's place for three calendar weeks.
It's me, Refrigerator Perry.
Just go to fucking Taco Bell or whatever.
I want to meet the person who is like,
oh, man, I've got to get my life on track in 2019.
I know.
I'm going to let Tim Tebow make all of my meals.
So here's some more news.
Fuck, don't let Tim Tebow lie to you
and overcharge you for lettuce.
Baskin Robbins adds new brownie inspired flavors
to the menu.
Boy, that is one pretty challenging inspired,
I have to say, brownie inspired flavors to menu.
It's like it has a spirit of a brownie
without any of the actual content.
Baskin Robbins is ringing in 2019
with a brownie lover's dream come true.
Brownies.
Brownies.
Hey, dipshits, we finally figured it out.
We just sell brownies.
Cool, right?
Yeah, I guess.
The January flavor of the month brownie bar mashup
is a delicious combination of traditional chocolate
and blonde brownies.
It delivers on two delicious brownie flavors in one bite.
Ice cream fans may also find themselves
under a sweet spell this month
as Love Potion number 31 returns to Baskin Robbins.
This combination-
New flavor MK Ultra hits the stores.
This combination of white chocolate flavored ice cream,
Agent Orange, and raspberry flavored ice cream
with chocolate flavored chips.
I'm gonna fucking lose my-
Okay, I'm gonna try again, okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's a combination of white chocolate flavored ice cream
and raspberry flavored ice cream
and chocolate flavored chips
and raspberry filled chocolate flavor hearts
and raspberry swirl.
And it's sure to work its magic on every guest
as it has already worked its hypnotic linguistic magic on me.
Here's a quote from Carol Austin.
Carol, hey, it's Justin McElroy,
a local reporter for Munch Squad.
It's January, right?
We're all eating at Timo's place to get fit.
How are you justifying continuing to operate this month?
Should you not shudder?
Who would pledge to eat more ice cream
in this month of new beginnings and fresh starts?
Well, Carol, her eyes dart back and forth
across the room nervously
before she hesitantly answers a sweat beating
on her upper lip.
Well, Justin, our mission is to help guests
flavor every moment.
Okay, Carol, let me stop you there.
It doesn't mean anything.
Go on.
Our mission is to help guests flavor every moment
and January's offerings are here to do just that.
Whether your resolution is to, a silence fills the room.
People wait expectantly as Carol Austin,
vice president of marketing tries to sell ice cream
in January.
Whether your resolution is to reconnect with old friends
or enjoy more family time,
Baskin Robbins has something to help everyone hit pause
and savor the start of 2019.
Carol, it's a good try, Carol.
It sounds like good ice cream.
It sounds like confusing ice cream.
Hey, gang, two things real quick.
One, William the Refrigerator Perry played for the Bears,
not the Browns.
I just wanted to say, I just want to apologize to my dad
for getting a football fact wrong on our podcast.
And the other thing is-
Hey, Griffin, hold on.
Sorry, my neck cut out for a second.
Before we get back to the show, I did want to mention,
you know, I think you said William Refrigerator Perry
played for the Browns.
Ah, shoot.
No, you're gonna get dad points.
Yeah.
Hey, sorry, I stepped away for a second
to go get a glass of water.
I did want to say real quick, Griffin, it was the Bears,
not the Browns.
Not the Browns that Refrigerator Perry played for.
Oh, shit.
Guys, sorry, I stepped away to get a screwdriver
for some shelves I'm installing.
Damn it.
Earlier, you mentioned about William Refrigerator Perry.
My dad points.
They're flying through my fingers.
Hey, guys, sorry, I just traveled back forward in time
from the past where I just watched William Refrigerator
Perry play for the Bears.
What are you guys talking about?
Ah, shoot.
Hey, guys, I've become unsuck in time,
and I think I just sired William Refrigerator Perry.
Wild.
And he had a birthmark shaped like a bear,
if that means anything.
Second thing.
Everybody, please, Christ, go to CoreLifeEatery.com
and scroll down to the bottom of the page
where you will find a picture of Tim Tebow
whose face is making a face as if you have just told him
that everybody else ate all the CoreLifeEatery
we got delivered, and there's none left for him.
And he's making this incredulous face
that is so incredible.
It's so incredible that this is what they went with.
What?
Wait, what do you mean you ate all the CoreLifeEatery?
What about all my orange drinks?
What about my orange drinks and vegetable bowls?
But I drove all the way here.
I should have called first.
The tagline that they've gone for with this challenge,
by the way, is it says this like fourth times on the website.
It only takes 21 days to change your life.
Hi, that's not inspiring at all.
I've never done anything for 21 days ever,
and my life is a way.
I mean, it is the way that it is.
I don't even go to places I want to go to
three weeks in a row, CoreLifeEatery.
I'm gonna take this challenge
and see what Tim says about the fact
that I'd have to drive 500 miles
to go to a CoreLifeEatery.
Sorry, everybody who doesn't live
in a major metropolitan area,
your life stays the fucking same.
Should I just go outside and chew leaves like a cow?
Like Tim?
Like Tim would do?
Hey, I've got a Yahoo.
I just love the picture.
Ah, Tim.
It's real good.
This one was sent in by Graham Roebuck.
Thank you, Graham.
It's Yahoo Answers user Melanie who asks,
I forgot when my job interview is?
How do I go about asking when my interview was
without appearing irresponsible?
This is so choice.
That's rough.
Oh, no.
That's rough.
I'm trying to think of a wording.
Hi, I'm calling.
Can't lie.
Can't lie, they won't tell you.
Ooh, this is a delectable little confection.
Yeah, it's riddle me this.
Riddle me this.
No, I did it first.
But you didn't say piss.
Oh, it's because it's New Year
and I'm trying not to cuss as much.
Could you pretend to be a cuss?
Pretend to be a competing job.
Nope.
Now, hold on.
I do want to hear what Travis thinks competing job is.
I'm going to hire Henriette.
So I'll interview her when you were going to.
When was that?
That's nothing.
No, that's quite good.
The name was Melanie.
It's good.
It's good.
The idea of poaching a job interview.
What about you call and say,
I can't wait to start work.
Let's move that interview up the sooner the better.
You say when the interview,
I choose the interview time.
What are you doing right now?
And then you knock on the door.
I know my interview was supposed to happen at a later time,
but I'm so horny for it.
I mean, excited for it.
Shit, sorry.
Ah, fuck.
Oh no, sorry.
That I want to do it right now, please.
Your interview was two months ago.
You've been working here for two months.
Yeah, whatever you're going to do, do it fast.
Why don't you call the boss, okay?
And you say, hi, this is Shellac from-
Melanie.
Oh, you're lying.
It's a lie name.
Sorry, it's a lie name.
Yeah, go for it.
Go, go.
Okay.
You didn't put on your lie voice.
Yeah, so I thought it was-
Oh, okay.
Sorry, sorry.
So you say, hi, this is Shellac
from human relations.
And I was going to get an edible arrangements
for everybody that has a job interview this month.
And could you just list them off to me with the times
so I can get them one personalized
and have it ready for their interview time?
Now, I want to say, Justin,
that the department human relations
does make it sound like Shellac works in the sex department.
Some sort of sex acts.
Well, you could just say you work at-
They're aliens.
Okay.
You could just say you work at Edible Arrangements
and say you want to give free deliveries
to everybody who has a job interview today
because damn it, Edible Arrangements loves jobs.
We're just so excited that the economy is thriving maybe.
And our shit is really just some apples
we dipped in chocolate.
So there's very little overhead.
Ask them, say we would like to offer our facility
for you to do your job interviews in today.
You know what?
We interviewed Melanie for you.
She's great.
Hey, it's me.
It's me from the bakery, Bakery Joe.
I got a cake here that says happy job interview Melanie.
So when do you want this dropped off?
I like that.
That could work too.
How about this?
Check this one out.
Hello, Richard.
Yeah.
This is Dr. Frito-Lay.
I heard you had an interview with Melanie coming up
and I say just hire.
She's the tops.
Anyway, gotta go, crunch.
Now that's assuming, I guess,
that she's interviewing for Frito-Lay.
Yes, right.
You could fit in whatever you wanted to there.
You could just roll up to like the waiting area
in front of the office and just start sitting there now
and just say like punctuality is really important to me.
So I want to be here right when you need me for the interview.
And they'll be like, it's in 19 days.
And you say, well, good thing I brought all this soup.
And then you show them all the soup that you brought.
Exactly 19 cans.
19 cans, one a day.
That's all you need, folks.
Hi, it's me, Tim Tebow.
And I'm here to tell you how to flip your shit all around.
It's your 19 day soup challenge.
Don't eat more than one can of soup a day.
Things are loaded with salt.
Not Tim Tebow's soup.
His is made out of football sweat.
So today I went to New York City.
I almost said Gatorade because you said football sweat.
Today I went to New York City with my girlfriend
and we decided to take a short taxi drive
rather than take the subway.
However, a taxi rear into the city bus.
Oh shit, geez.
The driver has jumped out and screaming at the bus driver.
Now we're sitting in the back arguing
whether we have to pay for our ride still
and whether or not we should flee before the police arrive.
Brothers, help us.
And that's from traumatized taxi travelers in New York City.
I'm assuming-
There's gotta be a law on this one.
The typing of the question, I'm assuming was therapeutic for you
in that once you finish typing it, you're like,
well, we certainly do have to stay here at the cab, don't we?
We really don't have a lot of options here.
Derek Scott, we don't have to spend a lot of time on this one, gang.
I'm almost a hundred percent certain
you are not the first people to be in a cab accident.
There has to be precedent for this one, I think.
I don't know.
The good news is if you do run away,
what's the cab driver gonna do?
File you in their cab?
Don't rip off cab drivers.
We should be explicitly clear
that you shouldn't rip off cab drivers.
It's a question of what do they owe you
they made you be in a crash.
How long were you in the cab before that?
Like, were you almost to your destination?
Then you need to stay and pay.
If it's like you just sat down in the cab,
turn a corner, hit a buzz, move it along.
Did you just maybe ask the taxi driver
who's having a very bad day.
Oh yes.
You should probably ask them.
You are a witness though.
You are a witness to the crime.
I don't think you can flee because you witnessed it.
It wasn't a crime as much as it was a New York whoopsie.
Okay, you're a witness to the whoopsie.
In a New York whoopsie.
Guys, if I ever make a fourth album,
witness to the whoopsie is just about the best name
I can come up with.
Dang it.
I was a witness to the whoopsie.
Yeah, ask the cab driver or Google it.
What do you do if you're,
I'll fucking Google it for you here.
Let me just do it.
I don't want to get snide, but what do you do?
Do you do, geez, type much?
If you're in a cab and it gets in a New York whoopsie.
Griffin, also search how to be on Cash Cab.
Is it like a submission thing
or do they just randomly pick people up?
I mean, there's a whole website here called Justia,
which may be Justin's website,
but he mistyped it at the end and put an A in instead of N.
Yeah.
And do you have to pay though?
To be on Cash Cab?
If you lose Cash Cab,
do you have to pay when you get to your destination?
Do they drop you off if you lose
and you don't get to go to your destination?
I've never watched Cash Cab.
Oh, I think my Skype might've cut out.
Can you guys not hear me?
Yeah, we can hear you, Trav.
Here's another question.
Pay them.
I just decided to pay the cab.
Look at the meter, pay with there.
Pay the cab.
Yes.
A while ago, I folded an...
Oh, but wait, they don't have cash.
They were planning on using a card.
Use the fucking card reader.
It probably didn't explode when we were into this.
That shouldn't look suspicious.
A while ago, I folded an origami dragon for my math teacher.
The teacher asked me if I was good at origami.
I said, yeah, sort of.
She then asked, can you fold books to make words?
I socially napped and wanted to exit the conversation
as quickly as possible, said yes,
which was a complete and total lie.
She gave me an old math book to fold into her last name.
I have no clue how to fold books.
How can I do this?
Maybe, how can I escape this awful task
I did not mean to accept?
I haven't looked at the book for a week or two.
I keep making excuses until I haven't started yet.
It's from a clever name pun involving books or something.
Can't even be bothered to make up a name.
Bad enough that you're agreeing to fold books into words.
Books already have words in them.
That's right.
Yeah, so you should just give her back the original book
and say like, yep, there you go.
One word filled book, hot and fresh, ready to order.
I'm looking at...
Fold books.
I'm looking at it now.
It's like if you fold a bunch of pages in a row
in a way that then makes like a pattern appear,
so you can like fold one page
and that's like the very left side of the J.
And then it needs to be a long book
if you're spelling out Jonathan Taylor Thomas,
like a long, long, long, long book.
It's nice that your teacher said,
oh, thank you for this present.
Now let me give you a chore to do.
Yeah.
This present's lovely.
Make me a bigger, better present.
I mean, I'm looking at Etsy and we're talking about,
this is a $40 product that you are giving to them for free.
I could do one where I just sort of roll the pages a little bit
and then tuck it back into the spine
and just do that with all the pages and you give it back.
And the teacher's like, this doesn't say anything.
And you say, yes, it does.
It says, mmm, because it looks like a bunch of Ms.
Could you just wait until you graduate
and not worry about it anymore after that?
That could be good.
You could also get a Sharpie out
and write Derek on the side of the book.
Ooh, or find someone on Etsy
and buy the book from them already
or send it to them and say, hey, will you do this for me?
And now you're the middleman of origami.
Why'd you lie so bad?
I'll tell you what's worth trying
is to go to the teacher and say, I couldn't do it.
And I thought I could, but your name's too hard
and it's got a lot of bad letters in it
or from an origami perspective,
it's got a lot of bad letters in it.
And I couldn't do it and I tried, but I couldn't do it.
And I'm sorry, but I couldn't do it.
I decided instead to focus on my studies.
Right.
Because I'm a child.
And then your teacher's like, my name is Joe
and it's just J-O, so.
But the O is the hard one.
The O is a really toughie.
There's a lot of curves in there.
Give me angles all day long.
Hey, why'd you lie so bad though?
This seems like a weird one.
I get wanting to get out of the conversation,
but in my experience, no is the much better rip cord
for pretty much most things.
If someone tries to improv you and you say no,
end of improv, you're out of there.
But if you say yes and, now you have to, you know,
what are you gonna say next about the grocery store?
Here, Griffin, let's try it, okay?
Hey, Griffin, are you any good at origami?
You tell me.
Oh, it's pretty good.
Can you fold books into words?
No.
You fail.
I hate you.
You fail.
You fail this class.
Oh, no.
You're out of school now and you're off the football team.
Okay.
Quarterback.
All right, let me try.
The conversation's still over though, isn't it?
Trav, let me try.
Ask me, Trav.
Okay.
Hey, are you any good at origami?
Hell yeah.
Well, don't curse.
We're in school.
Fuck yeah.
Fuck yeah, dude.
Hey, hey, I heard that, Jared.
Get to math.
Is he fucking, is origami Steve good at origami?
Dumb fucking question.
Think about it.
Think about it with your fucking brain before you-
Get out of here, cursing Jerry.
Cursing Jerry's vaping everywhere.
Yeah, I'm trying to talk to origami Steve.
Oh, shit, he's folding up my vape fog in the air.
Don't curse.
I'm gonna send you to the principal's office.
Get out of here.
No, I'm sorry.
Origami Steve.
Yeah.
I know you're good at origami.
Mm-hmm.
Can you fold books into origami?
He's the fucking best at origami.
I swear to God.
Cursing Jerry, I'll call your dad.
Okay.
Can you fold books into origami?
I'll call your dad.
Get to lunch.
Okay.
It's Taco Tuesday.
Fuck yeah, dude.
Okay.
Now, can you fold books into words?
Only Bibles.
You sit there in silence.
See what tough Ms. Teacher wants to do then.
See how much she'd love to see her name represented in the art of the falling page
if she's willing to destroy God's beautiful, perfect word.
Let's end this episode.
Hell yeah.
Yeah.
This has been so much fun.
Thank you all for hanging out with us.
We love you very much.
We had a really fun 2018 with you,
and we hope that we're going to have a great year together, us and you.
If you are anywhere near New Orleans, the NOLA, I believe.
Mm-hmm.
As I believe they call it.
As they call it.
Or maybe just NOLA.
I don't actually know.
If you're anywhere near there or Birmingham, Alabama,
we're going to be headed your way.
So please come see us.
If you head to McElroy.family, you can find the tour section there,
and you can see the places that we are going to be.
And that is going to be Birmingham on February 7th,
and then New Orleans on February 9th with The Adventure Zone on February 10th
with MBM all shows starting at 7 p.m.
And it will be very fun, and we hope that you will come and join us
because we're really looking forward to it.
We've never been in that area.
I've never visited either of those cities.
So it's going to be a hoot and a half.
Also, even before that, here in January, you can come see Sawbones at Sketchfest,
the California Academy of Sciences on January 17th.
January 17th, it's a big show with us,
and Roderick's going to be there with Omnibus,
and you should know this, and John the Colton,
Paul and Storm, and a lot of other cool folks.
So you go to Sketchfest website, get tickets for that.
Also, last thing, you can get remote attendance or in-person attendance,
I guess, for PodCon that's going to be January 19th through the 20th.
And there's a lot of different panels you can see and stuff like that.
And you can get remote attendance if you go to the PodCon website,
which is podcon.com.
So go for it.
And Justin mentioned earlier, our website, macroid.family,
got a bunch of stuff on there.
If you want to find out more about our shows or get the newest merch,
we have a new pin for January.
It is a stylish pin that says UNLESS on it.
It's real slick.
Yeah, that's all at macroid.family,
and thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Maximumfun.org, check out all the great shows there.
Thanks to John Roderick and The Long Winters
for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It's very, very good, the song is, and the album, and the band,
and you should go get the whole discography.
So y'all want the final?
Yes.
I was sent in by Megan. Thank you, Megan.
It's from an anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
Muscley James is back on my screen. Thank you.
Ooh, two for Muscley James.
He's really curious, and he asks,
how many rocks can you fit in your backpack?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother and me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Best comedy at the British Podcast Awards in 2017 and 2018.
Also, I love it.
There were no horses in this country until the mid to late 60s.
Specialist bovine ass vet.
Both of his eyes are squid's eyes.
Yogurt buffet.
She was married to a bacon farmer who saved her life.
Farm raised snow leopard.
Download it today.
That's the Beef and Dairy Network podcast from Maximumfun.org.
Also, maybe start at episode one or weirdly, episode 36,
which for some reason requires no knowledge of the rest of the show.
