The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the
modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis.
And I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy.
Um, McElroy. A little bit of lag. You did get me on that. You got me on that one.
Ah, thanks.
You did get me on that one. So I wanted to start,
you know, I hate to do it, but I gotta start a little political.
Aw, man. Again, Justin?
Did you say buh-litical?
And then to eat some bas-ketty.
Time for ball-o-ticks.
Thanks. So I did a tweet.
There's your first mistake.
I did a tweet, um, cause I wanted, cause a question, I had like a hypothetical question,
and I needed answers, right? And so I put this hypothetical out to the internet,
and it received, before voting closed, 34,913 replies.
Oh wow.
And I want to dig into this, and it got so much of a response, I wanted to dig into this question
with you guys, and really talk through some of the data, if that's okay.
Did you get ratioed, as the teens say?
I don't think so. I don't think it's a ratio.
Teens are fucking wild about fractions, I guess, and I'm just stoked.
People are always talking about like, it's just phones, phones, phones, phones,
but they're out here talking about ratios and Pythagoras.
I thought it was radio like patio.
Okay.
All right.
So here's the tweet.
Okay.
That's the tweet.
Here's the tweet.
I got a new hypothetical that's going to sweep the nation,
and add some sparkle to your next Zoom happy hour.
And here's it, and I want to pose it to you, my brothers.
If you could, consequence free,
spank Donald J. Trump, right on his behind, on national TV,
would you do it, please think, before answering.
If you're about to start talking, I know you haven't thought about it.
No, I have, bare ass, question mark.
Bare ass, bare hand, skin to skin, contact is so important.
This is data.
I can't, I can't shift the parameters of the question for you.
This is the question that is put before you.
You do not have more information than this.
Any God-fearing American trap, I think, is thinking about bare ass, bare hand.
I don't think there's anybody who thought about spanking this gentleman with his pants on,
not for the stuff he's accomplished.
No, sir, you do deserve a bare ass spanking.
You know what, let me say this.
I'll, you know what, I will, I will, since we're outside the,
let me give you this data.
Okay.
With that, with that data, okay, before we drill down onto your personal responses,
with that data, the internet said,
44% of internet respondents said, okay.
Oh.
56% of internet respondents said, no, thanks.
So that's where, that data, that's the data.
And I don't know if people thought about it enough,
because a lot of people were like,
I think I'd catch some sort of slime disease from his butt.
It's like, that's all very funny, but I'm trying to, I'm trying to do research,
and that's probably not gonna happen.
Is it funny?
Is it funny?
It's not that long ago that this gentleman did have the corona.
And if I said gentleman, I meant scoundrel.
Here's what I will say.
I got a big old flat hand.
Oh God.
And I believe I could deliver a spanking as such
that it would go beyond embarrassing if I really put my full torque into it.
Right.
Into potentially damaging.
Okay, you can't, this is important,
because if the spank damages the body of the man that is the president of the country,
then we are getting into some, let's call it, questionable legal territory.
Okay, now hold on, Justin.
I, you didn't give further details.
So I was assuming in this scenario, this is a purely consensual thing
where Donald J. Trump-
It's not consensual.
Then I wouldn't do it.
There just won't be repercussions.
Then it, then I, okay.
Then there's not going to be repercussions.
Listen, he's not gonna-
No, you asked the question and now you're not listening to me, sir.
Sir, sir, sir, sir.
I did not, I did not.
The energy is just so bad.
This is still my time, sir, if I may.
I have to assume he is in some kind of stocks scenario.
And this has like been his preordained punishment.
And someone said, do you wanna like go to prison or get a spanking?
And he was like, oh, of course the spanking.
And here I come with my big old, like two by nine of a hand or whatever.
Gonna fucking panini that ass.
Yeah, and I come in there and he's like, I wish I had picked jail.
This is what I'm saying is I think I could deliver-
Cause my butt's a manhole cover now.
Yes, I think I could flatten him in such a way to make his butt concave.
Fucking Everlong over here just smashed my ass out of the galaxy.
I think that it would seem like a better alternative for him
than whatever other punishment.
But then here I come in and shatter his coccyx.
But I don't think, I don't wanna do it if it is the only repercussion
that he gets for his, again, many, many bad accomplishments.
Because that feels like letting him off lightly.
And I also don't know if that is gonna be the punishment,
if I should be the one to do it.
I can think of many more people who have been more severely affected
by his administration than myself.
And so I would, if given the opportunity,
I would almost certainly hand it down to somebody more deserving.
Well, okay, you don't have that opportunity.
You literally just have the president bent over and everyone,
and like the nation is watching, the cameras are on.
The secret service is like, we don't enjoy him.
We'll give you one.
They turn away for like a little bit.
Right, exactly.
Blind eye, no repercussions.
And like, here's what I would like to say
that I don't think he does see it coming.
I think he bent over to pick up a dime.
And his pants fell down?
And his pants fell down and there's his butt?
See, I never, this is what's interesting.
Author intent, I never anticipated bare ass.
Well then no, see, if it's not bare ass, Justin, it's not embarrassing.
Now I'm just a weirdo who ran up and spanked someone.
That's such a wild thing to say,
because the nation would have the visual of him getting spanked.
But if it's his bare bottom, it's like he's a big baby
and I'm spanking his big baby bottom.
But if he's betrousered,
then it doesn't have the same visual effect, Justin.
Are we talking about hitting the president?
No, that's why it has to be a spanking.
And it can't be throughout his injurious spanking.
The spank is a fucking hit, dog.
The three of us hold the same opinions vis-a-vis spanking
as being a pretty heinous thing and it is hitting.
So we are talking about doing a hit on the president.
There are two categories of spanking.
There is consensual spanking,
betwixt partners who enjoy spanking one another or multiples.
And then there is injurious spanking,
where you are striking another human being
with the flat of your open hand.
Now, which one is it that we're talking about here, Justin?
Sensual spanking or injurious spanking?
I did say, now, if I could drill in on the language of the question,
if you could consequence-free,
I feel like injury would be a consequence.
Not to me.
I didn't say that.
Didn't say that.
Didn't say consequence-free to you.
It's a consequence-free period to you and the spanky
who is the president of the United States of America,
our 45th Donald J. Trump.
Justin, that's absolutely bullshit.
That's wild, yeah.
Because now I am having a neutral impact.
It means I am so lightly touching his bottom
that he might derive neither pain nor pleasure.
Or in fact, it sounds like lasting effect of any kind.
There's a causal sort of relationship
between Travis's huge, huge ape hand swinging low
like a big golf driver into our American president's butt.
And he will feel it.
If not, then it's like Travis is a ghost.
Unless Justin is describing an Adam Sandler-esque scenario
in which he went down to pick up some kind of diamond
and I'm standing behind him pretending to smack that ass.
No.
It's more humiliating than that.
Then he's gonna feel it.
He's gonna feel it.
I didn't say he wouldn't feel it.
I said he wouldn't be injured.
There wouldn't be a permanent butt injury.
Because if I say, would you like to injure the president?
Everybody on earth would say absolutely.
I would love that.
But that's not what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about giving the president a big old spank
right on his bottom as hard as you can, as hard as I can.
You just said the words as hard as I can.
It's gonna be bad for Travis to do it.
I did just want to say real quick
that I did mention ghosts, but ghosts are famously
against spanking because they just don't stand
for corporeal punishment.
Would you?
Wait, stop.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Yes, I do think so, Griffin.
I think, what are you guys making this data?
56% of respondents would pass on the opportunity
to spank the president.
I will say, until I landed on, I want to hurt him
with my strike.
Then my first thought was, I do not want to be
in the same room a lot of that energy, yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't want to touch his bad butt.
I'm thinking it's not, I'm not gonna body shame anybody,
but it's not high on the list for me.
You know what I mean?
I actually also took a poll on Twitter on the 18th.
I asked, irony aside, where are we at on The Greatest Showman?
The Greatest Showman, and I got 11,000 responses.
Okay.
Do you guys want to guess, like, yay or nay,
what the percentages were?
It's got to be, I'm gonna say 70% yay,
because America still has a heart.
They have, or the globe, I guess, in this case,
has a heart.
They got a pulse.
They're loving it.
What about you, Griff?
Yeah, I haven't seen the film because it seems so bad.
It was almost completely split down the middle.
52% yes, 48% no.
Incorrect.
So more people enjoy, unironically, The Greatest Showman
than want to strike the president's bottom.
Yeah, I got a Twitter poll out there, and it says,
bye guys, I'm off to see Deadpool 2 in theaters
because it has been so long since I did a tweet.
So if anyone ever asks you what is a perfectly average neutral movie,
it's The Greatest Showman.
It almost perfectly cancels out.
Half the people do not like it.
Half the people like it.
Greatest Showman, right down the middle.
That actually was the tagline of Greatest Showman,
right down the middle.
That wasn't really germane to my intro.
I think you just wanted to change the subject.
I did.
I was sick of talking about either attacking the American president.
Can I just get a yay or nay real quick?
Given the opportunity, the consequence-free,
with the American people watching,
is that in the text of the tweet, Justin,
the American people watching?
It's on national TV.
But America has the right to tune in.
This is a huge opportunity then,
because I'll get on there and whatever,
spank his ass or his bad ass or whatever.
And then when I'm doing it, I could be like,
and here's the link to my mixtape.
And I can say it out loud.
Yeah, check out my sound file.
My brother, my brother and me,
go check it at McElroyFamily.com.
Check out my shows.
Should be good for our iTunes reviews.
Should be a good journey we'd go on as a result of that.
Negative three stars.
I'm not gonna listen to this.
Dr. Skinhead 420XX says it shows snowflake garbage.
Justin, I kind of feel like I already did smack Donald Trump's ass
because I voted for Joe Biden early,
which I recommend everybody do.
I mean, you can do that.
But there's only one spank, you know what I mean?
You only have one spank opportunity.
I was trying to take whatever this has been
and spin it in some kind of thing.
Vote for Joe Biden early.
It's gonna be fucking crazy on voting day.
Get your shit in now.
Go in now.
Vote for Joe Biden.
Don't hit people.
Spanking doesn't help raise children.
But if I had the opportunity, yes, Justin,
I would smack that ass.
Okay.
I would give just Gordon Bynes tight little keister a go.
That's in no way German.
That would be a smack, but that would be a spank of pleasure.
Yeah, no, that's just like a little good game, bud.
Good going, bud.
Way to get elected president, bud.
Good going, bud.
Let's tighten up those policies just a bit, bud.
Let me nudge them.
You don't need to do the fracking if you think about it.
There's room to improve, bud.
I'm gonna tap your left butt cheek, Joe.
That tight left butt.
You follow that tap.
Just to let you know that that's the direction.
You should maybe angle it towards it, Joey.
Hey, maybe a single spanker healthcare.
I mean, yeah, that's right, Justin.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
So this is a advice show that runs a little bit political.
Well, we are not gonna have an episode next week,
the week of the election.
So we got to get all that shit out of our system now.
There you go.
Go vote for Joe Biden.
And if you care about anything, and you can.
Like, obviously, if you're in England, you don't need it.
So, I mean, I get it.
So.
Oh, man, we could have talked about Borat.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Yeah, that sucks.
Because Borat's like, it's funny.
It's funny how Borat, by making him relevant again,
made him irrelevant to us.
Yeah, he does.
But making Borat relevant is now irrelevant
from a comedy perspective.
Justin, can you give us a 21 my wife salute?
Just to see that phrase off your soundboard.
Yeah.
Just play that.
My wife, my wife, my wife, my wife, my wife, my wife.
It's not 21.
That's six.
That's six.
We'll do 15 more throughout the show, I'm sure.
Okay.
I'm gonna miss it.
It's just not funny no more.
It's not funny anymore.
Yeah.
It's not funny anymore.
God, I hope they don't reboot Frasier.
Please don't take that away from us.
Please.
Like, I know we've said AP4 and we would get there day one
in theaters, but please don't.
Please, Mike, don't get AP4 in theaters.
Please, bud.
This is an advice show.
And now it's time to answer a question.
The office I work at is having a Halloween party
with a costume contest.
Nice.
Prizes for said contest are first place gets a month's paid rent.
What?
Second place gets a paid vacation anywhere
in the continental United States.
What the fuck?
Third place is you're fired.
Weirdly, every place after third place is just no prize.
But if you get, for whatever reason, second runner up,
hit the fucking bricks, dude.
Now, I don't mean to brag, but I've had some luck
with costume contests in the past
and I have confidence that I could win.
However, I do not live in a place that charges rent
and I'd really love a vacation.
Oh, my God.
Brothers, what costume should I wear
to guarantee second place?
That's from haphazardlyhappyhalloween in Houston.
This is an amazing, amazing, amazing question.
That's really so friggin' difficult.
This feels like a fucking Taskmaster challenge.
Yeah.
Yeah, because there's a worry here
that if you underplay it too much,
you don't play second, right?
Like, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, here's where my gut is at.
If there's somebody in the office
who is going to do something very intricate
and very technical, but maybe not the most creative thing,
but they would feel guilty not giving them first place,
then you need to clock in just below that.
So maybe you do a really funny, clever costume,
but not one that is necessarily
technically artistically proficient.
I was thinking the same thing,
but here's the trick with that, Griffin,
is if the joke ends up landing too well,
now you're a crowd favorite
and it's like, well, it's not as good technically,
but it's bringing the most joy to everybody.
I think we know who the winner is.
Well, then you flip it, right?
Then you do the other one.
You just gotta know your office
and know are they gonna reward creativity
or are they gonna reward the fact
that you dressed up like fucking Kim Bone again
for the fourth year in a row?
Man, I hope they know it.
You could go as the fly on Pence's hair, right?
Funny!
Funny!
I'll see, but right there,
that reaction from you guys
trumps Jerry's photorealistic Transformers outfit.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, all right, here's what I got for you.
Okay.
Okay, you need to create
an incredibly accurate, detailed costume.
Okay.
I'm gonna choose for this example, Captain Jack Sparrow.
So you do the perfect Captain Jack Sparrow look, right?
And then you go into the office the night before
and you sleep in the bathroom.
Okay.
Okay, when people come in,
they're gonna change into their costume in the bathroom, right?
And I need you to keep an eye on...
Them in the bathroom, Justin?
What?
Them in the bathroom, is that what you're saying?
Keep an eye on people coming and going from the bathroom.
Okay.
When you see the person who has the best costume,
it won't be as richly detailed
as your Captain Jack Sparrow costume, of course.
That's important.
They can't naturally beat you.
But then you can start to remove items from your costume
to get you so right.
So like, maybe you just are gonna remove
a few of the beads from your hair.
You know, maybe you're gonna get the red band...
You'll leave the tricorner,
but you won't have that distinctive red bandana
under the tricorner.
You see what I'm saying?
Yes.
Your eyeliner.
Get rid of the eyeliner.
No, please don't.
You can't lose the eyeliner or I'll just be a pirate, Justin.
It's just a bad office.
I mean, like, if you have to lose the eyeliner,
it's a bad office that you work in.
And you should probably, honestly,
your real answer is you need to find a new job.
Yeah.
If no one can beat...
If you have to take off the eyeliner,
like, what are they bringing to this?
You know?
Like, what are they even doing?
Now, what you could also do
is the day before the party,
start talking about what a rough time Jerry's having.
Yes, yes.
Like, just spread around.
Jerry's having a hard time.
You know, he just hasn't been clicking for Jerry lately.
And then when the contest comes,
just keep, like, pointing at Jerry
and nodding to everybody, right?
Yeah.
Or even better, if you win.
Yes.
Then you're just like, no.
Yes.
I'll take second.
Jerry needs this.
Look at that very funny...
Look at Jerry's funny Kim Bone costume.
He's got the red sweater.
You know what kind of year he's having?
Let's hear it for our first responders.
Jerry, what?
Wait, what did you say?
Let's hear it for our frontline workers.
Jerry's not...
This is a fucking Staples.
No, Jerry.
Yeah, what are you talking about?
Jerry unloads the truck.
Yeah, but I think we all know that of everyone on Earth,
this year has been hardest on Jerry.
Now, I'm gonna challenge your suggestion
that Staples employees are not essential workers.
But now more than ever, we're working out of the home
and we need mice.
We need floor mats.
We need post-it notes.
I don't even know what toner does,
but I don't wanna work without it.
I wanna say thank you to our Staples employees.
Office, Max, Office Depot, fuck off.
I'm going to Staples.
That's right.
Now, sorry.
I liked that Staples started with one product
and expanded from there.
It's bold.
I'm just saying that
because we don't have a Staples in Huntington.
Oh, you poor bastards.
I know, I know.
I'm still team, hashtag RadioShack.
Yeah, we're coming back.
Do you guys wanna Yahoo?
There's a RadioShack next to the Long John Silver's
on 5th Avenue.
You guys know?
What?
Down there, Huntington East.
Yes.
Right near the Magic Walk.
I bought some exotic batteries from there once.
Yeah, now both the Long John Silver's
and the RadioShack close
and it's just two abandoned fossils
right next to each other.
It's really a sad.
You think they're gonna combine,
lift each other up.
That's what I was gonna say is,
do you think they could have,
if they had just made it work,
like, please.
See, if Long John Silver's
had had any fucking foresight,
they would have been like,
listen, man, I know you're going through a hard time,
you can crash at our building,
just go to the back
and there's a little RadioShack.
Come on down to Long Radio John Shack
and we are gonna treat you to batteries and cod.
Deep fried batteries, six for $4.
Yum, yum, yum, yum.
Griffin, you know fish at Long John Silver's
is not of any discernible species.
Yeah, come get this chopped,
reconstituted fish product
and get some free loose wires.
No, no, I forgot that.
This is gonna feel like a Munch Squad,
but Long John Silver's, I've noticed,
has been trying,
I drive past their sign,
the one on Route 60
when I'm going to the liquor store,
and they've been trying increasingly
like highfalutin
seafood meals.
And the funny thing about it is
the more they aspire,
the more repellent it is.
Like the harder they go,
the less appetizing it is.
Like when they're like,
we got a lobster roll now.
Like I don't think you actually do.
I don't think I will be doing that
with you right now.
This is the worst part.
On this show,
every time we talk about
any kind of fast food,
I want it so bad now.
I would crush some Long John Silver's.
Y'all are acting above your raise
and fucking Long John Silver's
used to be a special fucking treat
for us on our way to church.
Most of the time we get the Taco Bell,
but then like, you know,
when we did good,
Grey's on our report card,
we take it to Long John Silver's,
get some free crispy stripums.
Sometimes mom would let me,
once I discovered that I could order
a side of Crunchies,
she would do it
and then be disgusted with me,
which I used to love.
Justin, you say Crunchies.
Do you mean the little bits and bobs
of batter that just floated around
in the oil for a long time?
Batter bobs.
Batter bobs, Crunchies.
I mean, whatever you call them,
you can order a side of them.
They don't give a fuck.
Come on down to Long Radio, John Shaq.
We got batter bobs and batteries.
Do you guys want a Yahoo, please?
Yeah, I'd love that.
Sent by Graham Roebuck, thank you.
It's a Yahoo user who is anonymous
because they're afraid of me.
But I'm going to call them.
Davis asks,
I feel like I use that fucking name a lot, huh?
If humans had beaks instead of noses,
would we still kiss?
Okay, so kissing is weird, right?
If you think about it.
Are you saying that or is Davis saying that?
Davis is saying that.
I would never say that.
You know I love to kiss.
Yes, I do.
But we do it and we like it.
But would we, even if we had beaks,
how would we kiss then?
Why don't birds kiss?
How do you fucking know they don't, Davis?
Yeah.
Maybe they're just not into PDAs.
Maybe birds wait until they're at home in private
to do the bird smooching.
And they make up for lost time if you know
while I'm playing.
Yeah, maybe birds just don't like foreplay.
Maybe just like across the board,
all birds are like, listen, if we're smooching,
we could be boning.
Yeah.
We have hollow bones and we only live for like six days
or whatever.
Travis doesn't know.
Wow, they don't live as long as we do.
Certainly not.
Yeah, so six days is a pretty good estimate,
I think, of their age.
My point is that we as human beings could live upwards
of, I believe, 112 years.
That's what I'm aiming for.
And so we look at every other animal's habits
through that lens and we're like, why aren't they?
Blah, blah, blah.
And it's like, well, you know, that bird is like,
I don't have time for kissing.
Are you kidding me?
I got 10 years, dude.
That's possible.
So there's a thing in this question
I didn't notice until just now.
I didn't notice until just now.
And this is the question.
If humans had beaks instead of noses, would we still kiss?
Does this presuppose that we would still have our mouths?
But then instead of our nose, we would have a beak there?
So we'd have a sort of mouth stack?
I simply can't believe that that's true, Griffin,
because that crosses into a level of horror
that I believe goes beyond like logistically,
like, could we still kiss?
But then again, it does say, would we still kiss?
Okay, but yes, listen, this is Halloween, baby.
Ooh, you could do a kiss with both your mouths
at the same time, or there would probably be people
who would want to flip it upside down,
do a little mouth to mouth to mouth to mouth,
sort of 69 situation, person on bird on person on bird.
It's just called 11s at that point.
It's they do 11s with the bird mouths.
I feel like that would be bad
because your bird mouth would have to eat worms.
Well, let me put it this way, Griffin.
Let me add another layer to this question.
What if you replaced human beings noses with beaks,
but beaks that they were not in control of,
would you still kiss?
Oh, so like I would go in and be like,
do you, Griffin, you may now kiss the bride.
Like I had no control over, please, this is my special day.
Please calm down, beak nose.
But then that's wild because the whole audience
for my rad wedding would just be like,
you wouldn't go, you'd be able to go anywhere.
Well, okay, you can also fly.
Ooh.
This is, no, you can't fly.
Well, there has to be some benefit.
That's what this, you can't say-
No more stinky smells.
Yeah, but no more pleasant smells either, Griffin.
You heard what I said about 69 with the bird mouths, right?
Yeah, that's very good.
That was very good.
I think you might've missed that.
And you could access grubs and stuff hidden inside of bark.
I would appreciate that.
Then let's just, let's return to the pleasant,
less problematic waters of just one big bird mouth.
You're a fucking, you're falco.
You got a Baldwin, you got an Alec Baldwin from Beetlejuice.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, what?
When I'm talking about a beak,
you're imagining like a fucking crocodile maw
that's like a foot and a half long.
No, I'm-
You're at like Zubeli Zoo territory.
Yeah, that's no good.
Oh, like a cute, we're talking like a chickadee's beak
and not like a pelican or something.
Yeah, right, what you just said.
Do you think we would still be like into kissing?
I don't think so.
I think we like the sort of pliability of mouth.
Oh, I mean, yes.
But I think that you couldn't make this decision
for everyone all at once.
Because I think that there will be people
who would be way into like,
I can open my mouth and kiss you like three times as deep now.
It's like a handshake at this point.
We're getting in there so deep.
But I don't think that's gonna be the goal
when you do your beak kisses.
When you see birds doing that to each other, Travis,
that's probably a sort of regurgitation situation.
Well, I mean, then that seems like two benefits, Griffin.
I wouldn't want that, I don't think.
Hey, could I take you out for dinner?
I just met you.
I just, yeah.
It's hard for me to get past the fact
that I don't wanna kiss a big bird.
You don't wanna kiss a big bird?
I'm thinking about that with my human brain,
which is attached to my fleshy mouth, right?
Yeah, now assume big bird has grown up and gotten a job.
Perhaps big bird works, let's see.
Give me the name of someplace someone would work.
Griffin.
No, I'm not gonna take a part in any of this.
You don't want big bird to get a job?
You want big bird to be unemployed in this economy?
Big bird would be sweet as a big bird,
got to be a pilot.
And then air traffic control would be like,
oh, big bird, go ahead and bring it in at that.
And he's like, you don't tell me what to do.
I'm a lord of the skies.
You're gonna tell me how to fly?
Shut up.
Then he'd turn the radio off and just do his own thing.
Okay, so big bird has just gotten back from a turnaround trip,
flew from Cincinnati to LA and then back.
No, baby, he's, no, no, no, no, no, baby.
He's out across the Atlantic.
He's doing the big, the big bird needs the big bird.
You know what I'm saying?
What I'm saying is he came right back cause he missed me, right?
And he didn't say he could have had two days over there in Paris
and said he was like, I gotta get home to Travis.
He comes home and he leans in for a kiss.
What am I gonna do?
Not smooch that beak?
Yeah, he came home from Paris, Griffin.
Griffin came home from, he could have stayed in Paris for 48 hours.
He had earned it.
He had flown there.
He took the jump seat back.
You know how uncomfortable that is.
Wait, is this, is this pre or during COVID?
This is after COVID is done.
Okay, so we've actually gotten through all that.
I'd kiss anything that moves if COVID was over.
I don't care.
I'll kiss anything.
The year is, the month is April 2021.
Oh, that's nice.
COVID is over officially and Big Bird has returned from Paris.
And what's that?
He brought me a baguette and because of the quick turnaround,
it's still a little warm.
And he leans, oh, oh.
And it's one of those like ham and butter sandwiches
that are so fucking good.
And he, quote Monsieur.
And no, I think it's just Jamon.
And he leans in to give me a smooch.
What am I gonna do, Griffin?
Kick him out, turn him away?
Got a smooch, Big Bird.
Am I smooching Big Bird?
You don't need to, but if Falco Lombardi from Star Fox
came around, I don't know, I don't know.
I have one option to get us out of this.
And that is for me to say it's time to go to Money Zone.
No, get on my back.
Come on, we're getting out of here, guys.
On the wings of love.
I have incredible vision.
And so I'm the only one on this show you can trust
to read this ad copy and tell you that Warby Parker
is a great way to get glasses.
Take it from me.
Warby Parker is offering boutique quality eyewear
at a revolutionary price point.
They've got eyeglasses, sunglasses, contact lenses,
and eye exams.
Warby Parker is committed to providing exceptional vision
care online and in stores.
Justin, I wear glasses.
Oh, no.
I didn't know.
I'm sorry, Travis.
God, how embarrassing that is for me.
It's okay, Justin, because I can read this copy too,
because it's not okay.
You're still my brother.
But I'm wearing Warby Parker glasses right now
so I could see I did the home try-on program.
I don't know if anyone has ever noticed this about me ever,
but I have a large head.
And so I ordered the glasses through the home try-on program
to make sure that they physically fit around
the girth of my skull.
And several of them did, and I was very excited about this.
So I bought the ones that did.
You know what they say about have a big head?
Hard to find hats.
Nope.
Okay.
The other thing.
Wide ears.
Wide ears.
Yeah, you keep acting like you don't know.
My big dick.
Well, thanks for the ad revenue, Warby Parker.
You can try their free home try-on program.
Order five pairs of glasses to try at home for free for five days.
There's a no obligation to buy.
Ships free and includes a prepaid return shipping label.
Try five pairs of glasses at home for free at warbyparker.com slash my brother.
Now it doesn't say this is a limited time thing,
but considering the content of this ad,
I bet that link's gonna go dead pretty quick.
So go ahead and head on over to warbyparker.com slash my brother
and show them that that is the kind of thing
that gets a response from our people.
Real quick, let's talk about Honey.
Honey is the rad little doodad that you get on your computer.
And then whenever you're shopping, it looks for promo codes.
And if it finds one for whatever it is that you're buying,
it'll put it in there right away.
And it's automatic and it saves you money.
And real quick, and real quick, just real quick.
Yeah, I got a big dick.
And see, I feel like it would be unfair if we did one for Warby Parker
and we did not do one for Honey.
There's not much else to add because that's how simple Honey is.
It's a little browser extension that looks for promo codes for you.
And I use it and I've saved money on like music software
and like tons of cache.
It just saves you money. It's fantastic.
I got a replacement plate for my router table from Craig.
Had to get a new one that fit my Triton router.
Because I did one with pre-drilled holes and I made my own,
but I thought it'd be a little bit better fit
if I got one that was custom for the router.
And I managed to save a little cash using Honey.
Yeah, so that's all it is.
It's free.
And you can join it for free today at joinhoney.com slash brother.
That's joinhoney.com slash brother.
Hi, are you someone who thinks that when one door closes,
another one opens?
Someone who always sees the light at the end of the tunnel.
If you answered yes to one or both of these questions, good for you.
We are not those people.
Nope, I'm Annabelle Gurwitch and I'm a,
you know that other door opening, it probably leads to a broom closet kind of person.
And I'm Laura House. When I see a light at the end of a tunnel,
I assume it's a train headed right toward me.
Laura and I have created a brand new podcast for people like us.
It's called Tiny Victories.
We're sharing personal tiny victories or things we've read or seen that inspire resilience.
So if you're looking for a tiny reason to get out of bed each week,
subscribe to Tiny Victories.
Available on Maximum Fun or wherever you get your podcasts.
Let's get tiny.
Munch Squad.
It's a podcast within a podcast profile.
Latest, greatest in brand eating.
There is nothing that you can say in this segment that's going to top
you ordering the fried fish leavens that you used to order a box of.
That's true.
I do want to say a couple things.
I, like our friend Lynn, ordered the ghost pepper donut that we talked about last time.
Oh, how was that?
It was not bad.
How was the spice?
Not as spicy as you want, but it's a little bit of a spice.
It gets you on the back end.
You're like, whoa, hello.
Now, did you eat the whole thing?
Yes, I ate the whole thing.
Because Lynn appeared to take one bite and then bag it.
If you want to watch Living Legend, Lynn, my old Miranda,
eat a ghost pepper donut, it's on our YouTube channel.
His mouth is more valuable than Justin's mouth.
That is true.
God knows that.
Fair and dangerous.
This is a bagel notice.
Just a bagel alert.
Einstein Brothers Bagels introduces a new, this is really, can I say it's like,
it's going to be really fun.
You know what I mean?
Because we could all use something a little bit fun.
Of course.
Yeah.
Okay, so Einstein Brothers Bagels introduces you to new party bagels.
Oh.
Arriving at select locations nationwide November 12th.
Ready to show your sweet tooth a good time.
Wait, can we guess?
I don't want to guess.
I want to start the party.
No, it's just party bagels.
Is it frosted?
I'll just tell you, it's party bagels.
All Einstein Brothers Bagels wants to do is have some fun.
Just like everyone else this year.
Yeah, fucking even, even, it is like obligatory.
You cannot announce a new fast food item without saying like,
because of COVID, we're just trying to have some fun, okay?
So yes, we're acknowledging the ongoing pandemic in our press release about party bagels.
The new party bagels are shaking things up.
Raising the roof of the bagel case, if you will.
Oh boy.
With the promise of a sweet indulgence that will bring a smile to faces young and old.
I'm having fucking fun already.
I know, it's already really fun.
Einstein Brothers Bagels had developed two flavors
that will make your taste buds sing sweet praises.
Oh?
To who?
Jesus?
To Christ?
There's churro, which starts with a donut.
You're fucking, okay.
You just drop that in a fucking chemical bath or what's up?
No, it's a donut and they smear it in the middle with sweet cream cheese,
buttercream frosting and coat it on top with cinnamon sugar.
It will take you back to roller coasters and carnival games.
And then there's-
I would love to be in the R&D meeting for Einstein Brothers where they're like,
yeah, but it's just a donut.
It's like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But get this, we call it a bagel.
It's not a donut, it's a party bagel.
Oh, that's good, that's good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
They'll never know.
We better not call it a donut in the press release.
Oh yeah, that'd be a big fuck up.
Yeah, chocolate birthday cake starts with a donut
and smeared in the middle with chocolate buttercream frosting,
glazed with chocolate frosting and topped with confetti sprinkles.
If it isn't your birthday, it will feel like it is.
So yeah, that's right, friend.
Now you can have the visceral thrill of spending your birthday at Einstein Brothers bagels.
Or even better, at your house in lockdown, eating a donut by yourself.
This is a quote from Chad Thompson, head of culinary innovations at Einstein Brothers bagels,
which in this case is selling donuts, is the culinary innovation here.
We wanted to bring a bit of fun to the breakfast table.
Party bagels are a sweet treat done the Einstein Brothers bagel way
that the whole family will love.
It's guys, it's donuts.
I don't know, it's just-
I don't know, it just feels like if your company's gonna be called fucking Einstein in it,
the name of it, when you do things, when you make brand choices,
they gotta be smart in some way.
Fucking Einstein would never look at a bagel and be like, what is this?
Some sort of party donut?
I got it backwards, but you get the point?
I mean, it does, okay, it does imply that up till now, every other bagel has been-
A fucking work bagel.
Has been work bagels.
Has been business bagels.
Business, it's been business.
Or I guess it would be business donuts?
Yeah.
Business donuts.
Business donuts, right.
Business donuts, party bagels.
Yes.
I heard you were discussing donuts.
Oh boy.
Cool, he's back.
Hey.
Hello, I have such a pleasure to be invited back.
It's me, Count Donut.
Count Donut, I'm not really plugged into social anymore,
so I don't really know how our fans felt about your sort of occupation of the last episode.
The only thing they could discuss was that Justin's compression settings
were wrong on his soundboard.
Okay, well-
But that should be-
What does it sound like with a Transylvanian accent when you say non-plus?
I think everybody loved me and I'm here not with donut news,
although you have summoned me by discussing donuts.
Sorry, it's actually your Count Party Bagel now.
Yeah.
Count Party Bagel is here to tell you about new innovation from Heinz.
Okay.
From ketchup-dipped fries as vampire fangs,
to hot dog fingers dripping in ketchup.
For years, fans have used Heinz ketchup to add deliciously convincing blood
to their Halloween celebrations.
I'm salivating already.
It's ketchup though.
Yeah, has anyone done either of those things?
Now, ahead of what is sure to be a different kind of Halloween celebration,
the brand is debuting a Heinz tomato blood ketchup.
What?
To contribute to the spooky fun.
Wait, huh?
I'm gonna be sick.
Fans have had to navigate a lot this year and Halloween is no exception.
Said Shirley Hayden, the brand manager for Heinz ketchup,
making the obligatory reference to COVID-19 in the context of Heinz tomato blood.
Does that sentence end with,
and we're just gonna throw this fucking thing on top of the pile.
Hey, you've already dealt with so many other things.
What's one more thing?
Bloodchip.
I hope that for many, many reasons that the pandemic doesn't go on for a long time
because it would reach a point where in these press releases,
like the second paragraph would just start with, you know, so here we are.
Travis, as soon as we lick this thing,
do you know that we're gonna have a good two years at the minimum of just like,
we're back, our doors are open, family, community.
Finally, you can lick the counters again.
Lick the counters, baby, it's Hardee's.
Like nonstop.
Now you eat the hamburgers from our hands.
Thank you, first responders, frontline workers.
Come buy a fucking Chevy.
With Heinz tomato blood ketchup,
we wanted to give families a fun way to go big with their spooky celebrations,
even if they look a little different in 2020.
Hey, Shirley, fuck you.
Seriously, that's two in one quote.
Wicked it, things are bad.
What were you saying about ketchup?
Thanks for the reminder though about the ongoing pandemic.
The limited edition bottles are filled with the delicious thick and rich Heinz ketchup
fans know and love in a spooky Halloween themed bottle
that even vampires within the guilty as charged.
All right, just to clarify from that sentence,
you just said it's just regular ketchup in the bottle,
but this is a different label.
Yes, Travis, the Heinz ketchup company is distracting you from 200,000 plus Americans
dead of COVID by putting a different sticker on the ketchup.
This should fix it, right?
Okay.
I mean, my spirits are lifted.
My spirits are lifted for the last minute and a half.
It's sort of occupied a majority of my brain space,
so I guess I do have Heinz to think about that.
Can't wait to sink your teeth in the Heinz tomato blood ketchup
from now until October 31st at 11 59 p.m. CDT.
It's fun that they have to specify the time zone
as if you're waiting until within the last two hours of the promotion.
Good to get in there.
They're giving away 570 bottles of Heinz tomato ketchup
to those who participate in a TikTok hashtag challenge
launching Friday, October 23rd.
I guarantee you that the original amount was 57
and they thought that's not enough.
That's not enough bottles.
Enough and now 570.
That will fix the ongoing national malaise.
Count party donut.
I got to tell you, great news.
Party, I believe party bagel.
Sorry, see in my mind the Einstein brothers have succeeded
in making these two foods completely interchangeable.
But if this doesn't do it for you, Count Party Bagel,
you can get the Ed Sheeran one that looks like his arm
and then you can just chomp right into that
imagining that you are draining the viscera
from beloved singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran.
This promotion started on October 23rd.
Can I ask our TikTok correspondent Travis McElroy
to check for Heinz Halloween hashtag videos?
I've already seen it, Count.
It's been on everything and I can honestly say
none of them have had anything to do
with condiments of any sort.
People are just slapping that shit
on their twerking videos or whatever.
Are they twerking on a bottle of ketchup?
A bottle of ketchup? No, that's the thing.
Maybe there's a bottle present just off screen,
but I have been scanning every inch of those twerking videos
looking for ketchup and I've seen nothing.
Well, there's a...
There's a sticker, by the way.
I wanted to quickly describe it.
It says Heinz Tomato Blood on it.
That's it.
Okay.
Does that help your family celebrate Halloween no more?
It doesn't hurt.
Does that turn things around for you?
Sure.
At the bottom of the press release,
I just wanted to mention one more thing
before I disappear into the night.
Heinz can confirm that only the juiciest, ripest tomatoes
were harmed in the making of delicious Heinz Tomato Blood ketchup.
Gross, why is that the line that took it too far for me?
That's fucking perverts.
I think they are trying to...
That's an asterisk.
I think they're trying to clarify
that the product contains no blood.
Oh.
That's good that they cleared that up.
It's good that...
Anyway, I have to go, fellas.
Let me know if I am needed again
to help distract you from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
I'll miss you, Count.
I'll miss him too.
What?
Get out of...
Just go.
Well, are you sure?
Because I could stick around.
No, you need to go.
The sun's coming up.
The sun's coming up.
That's okay.
I just glisten in the light.
No, but it's a high UV index.
Goodbye.
Is that cricket?
It's a terrible, terrible bat.
He makes the worst bat noises when he...
Yeah, it's really unpleasant.
I was doing something else,
and then I heard the bats after he left.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I was sitting in the chair opposite,
just staring at him.
Yeah, he's under his throat.
Do you want to yahoo a real quick one?
Well, I want Justin to do this next question.
It's not the kind of question we normally do,
and I think we can knock it out pretty quick.
Okay.
At what point does an aquarium become a zoo?
The aquarium near me has three sloths,
which I never thought was weird
until I was talking to a friend about it,
and she thought it was super weird
that there were land animals and birds at the aquarium.
How many land animals is too many land animals for an aquarium?
At what point does it become a zoo?
Or is there a midpoint where it is this aquarium?
That's from Elizabeth from Maryland.
Well, the only thing I have to go on for this one
is the Austin Aquarium,
which I think I've talked about on this
or other shows before.
It is a blighted sort of hell zone.
It's the worst building.
It's an old sort of TJ Maxx
that they crammed a bunch of sick old turtles inside,
and then they started to put kiddie pools
full of fish that they bought at Petland in there too,
and then they threw in about a trillion parrots,
and then for good measure, they were like,
let's get some lemurs in there, baby,
and put them in the lobby
so it greets people in our fish zoo,
but then people come in and little girls
stick their hand in, does get bit,
and then the parents are like, we're suing you,
and they were like, the lemur was not vaccinated,
and then the parents were like,
we're wicked suing you a lot now.
I think that you can, I think aquariums should have fish,
and zoos get everything else.
Yeah, just let them, yeah, just let them keep everything else.
Unless.
No, there's so many kinds of fish.
Unless, unless.
The sloths and the birds are always swimming around.
That's cute, that's cute.
Yeah, you don't give them no land.
That's cute, I do like that, but wait,
you never let them get out of the water?
You never let them get out of the water?
Because the turnaround rate on those sloths, Travis,
is going to, the overhead, your sloth money,
is your sloth budget's gonna really break the bank,
I'm worried.
You give them a rock,
but slowly it gets hotter and hotter while they stand on it.
I see, so now it's a saw trap.
Now, this isn't even funny,
because this is horrible animal abuse,
what I'm describing.
It's horrible, it's horrible, it's terrible.
I think there's so many different kinds of things
that live in the water, right?
Yeah.
More than we know about.
Join me as we journey through the blue planet.
It's not, it's part of our planet.
The ocean's not a different planet.
It is, it's a different planet
where the fish and the mermen live.
I hate that when David Attenborough's like,
there's another world below the surface of,
there's not, David.
That's our water.
I'm sorry, Justin, was that your impression of me,
David Attenborough?
Because it sounded like my impression of Dracula.
I'm saying the pivot from having Dracula here,
Donut Dracula, sorry, Party Bagel Dracula,
here in my office to having David Attenborough in the office
was a bit of a, it was a bit of a swing.
While I'm here, do you have any questions about fish?
Have you ever been to-
Yeah, I'll bite.
No, Griffin, shut up.
This is a huge opportunity for me.
Yes, I'm quite the git.
I mean, I was gonna ask him a question.
Oh, go for it.
Yeah, sorry, I thought you were dismissing me.
No, David, have you ever been
to the Austin Aquarium, David?
It's quite great.
Yes, I own the Austin Aquarium
and I didn't know how to appreciate
the slander you were talking about.
Can I do feedback?
Do you do feedback?
I didn't see a feedback box.
Maybe I could do it here.
Okay, I saw a turtle trying to climb over a rock,
but it flipped upside down.
Yes, that's part of the show.
But no one did anything about it.
That turtle has to learn self-reliance.
Hey, David, can I bother you
about the Austin Aquarium for a second?
Yes, of course.
Don't you think it's kind of confusing
to have a young woman dressed as a mermaid
doing face paint there in a place
that is about the undersea life?
Don't you think that's kind of confusing?
No, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you said dressed as.
I have to disagree with you there.
She is an actual mermaid.
Okay, but what about the one
that I did see doing face paint
that was dressed up as Anna from Frozen?
Mm-hmm, that is, all of that is set underwater.
It's not, Dave.
Frozen is an underwater movie.
Dave, it's not.
No.
It's above Frozen.
Which one am I thinking of?
Little Mermaid is the only one
that springs to mind immediately, Mr. M.
Okay, I think that.
I love that one with the crab.
Why didn't you like vaccinate the lemur though, bud?
I tried and the lemur said he didn't want it
and then he said, I'd like to move it, move it,
which I really appreciate.
I'll give, I'll let you bye-bye on that one.
I would forget too if I saw the lemur doing a cool dance.
Okay, now I have to go.
I'll mount up on my dragon and away we go.
Ah!
Ah!
Sorry, David, if you could come back to Earth
for one second, that last sound there.
What was that?
Was that the sound of your dragon
or the sound of you communicating with your dragon
in the dragon top?
Well, don't be a fucking idiot, Justin.
Of course, it was me speaking to my dragon.
He speaks to me telepathically.
And you speak to him through the dragon top.
It's a one-way telepathic link.
Read a book.
Arrah!
Oh, boy.
Sorry, that sound sounded so much different
from your other command.
Well, he said a different word, Justin.
That was me saying, can you believe this fucking guy?
And he telepathed back, yeah, a real jag.
That's one of the judge your dragons have encountered.
Honestly, he barely knows me.
No, Justin, he says he went to fifth grade with you.
Are you still here or are you flying on a dragon?
You keep calling us back with your inane questions.
Now I'm going to ride this dragon into space.
Arroo!
Oh, damn it, he did say he found all the Earth animals.
So he's going to look for other ones.
Oh, man, he's going to die up there
as soon as he gets out of where the air is.
That last sound translated to,
if I've picked up a little bit of dragon tongue,
I think that last sound translated to,
we're going all the way to space, baby.
That's right, Papa David don't need no more oxygen.
I'm good.
I miss them.
I miss them too, and I miss our listeners
who sadly have to depart from us
now that we've completed this episode of My Brother,
My Brother and Me.
We've had just a hoot.
We hope you're hanging in there.
I hope you're feeding all your worries and cares
to the anxiety alligator who will chomp them up
and swallow them down and whisk them away
so you don't have to stress about them anymore
and just try to hang in there, pals, and go vote.
Yes, please.
God, go vote for Joe Biden.
Jesus Christ.
Vote Joe Biden.
Especially, I hear y'all in Texas are trying to,
trying to pull off a sneaky little job.
Oh, we're doing a sneaky little job.
Don't tell them.
Only tell folks who are down with it,
with Joe and his tight fanny.
Just get out there and punch in the thing
for Joe's tight fanny,
and let's ride this baby to Blue Town
and fucking embarrass the spanker, the spanky.
It's gonna be, I can't wait for November 3rd
when y'all are like, number one, Texas has turned blue.
Number two, there is a basement at the Alamo.
We are so sorry that we were not truthful about that.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Great tracks and tunes on that one.
Lots of premium cuts on that one.
And thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
I just wanna tell you about two great McElroy podcasts
that maybe you're not listening to.
First, there's one that my wife, Teresa, and I are doing
where we are talking about the new season
of Great British Bake Off.
It's called Bake On.
Find it on your podcatchers,
and we also put it up on our YouTube channel.
And also, Besties, which Griffin and Justin do
with Russ Frushtick and Chris Plant.
This week they talked about spooky games,
which I thoroughly enjoyed.
But you guys didn't talk about the one
with the sanity meter that I believe was on Dreamcast?
It was GameCube, it was Eternal Darkness,
and I did talk about it.
What?
Thank you for listening.
I do listen, it's my favorite podcast.
One of my favorites, I mean, I enjoy several.
Also wanna tell you, lots of great merch on there.
You're running out of time to get
the October pin of the month,
which is the Tiger on the Table pin,
designed by Sam Schultz,
which benefits the Marsha P. Johnson Institute
and the Sylvia Rivera Law Project.
But you can still get that Sawbones horseshoe crab shirt,
the Candle Knights ornament designed by Lynn Doyle,
the Candle Knights wrapping paper by Justin Gray,
the Jump Scare pin, the Thanks for Vibing
and Keeping it Tight T-shirt, all of that
at mackleroymerch.com.
You can pre-order our new upcoming podcast book.
Everybody has a podcast except you,
which will teach you how to make a podcast
that you are proud of.
You can pre-order that at themackleroypodcastbook.com.
Comes out January 26, 2021.
We put jokes in that, by the way.
Even if you don't wanna do a podcast,
you just wanna read a book that we wrote.
We put jokes in it.
We put jokes in it, it's good.
You'll like it.
You can also pre-order
The Adventure Zone Crystal Kingdom, book four
of our graphic novel series at theadventurezonecomic.com.
That comes out July 13th, 2021.
Do you want a Yahoo final one?
Yeah.
This one was sent in by Aaron.
Thanks, Aaron.
It's a Yahoo Answers User Anonymous.
God, y'all.
I'll call them...
Legion.
Legion asks,
would you think that Dame Judi Dench
might occasionally visit this royalty category
and offer an answer under an alias?
Yeah, absolutely.
There's no way she fucking doesn't.
My name is Justin.
I'm Travis McElroy, or am I?
I'm Griffin, I'm Dame Griffin Dench McElroy, Radio Shack.
This has been My Brother, My Brother,
and may kiss your dad's grub on the lips.
And I wanna know,
hey, good girls, do you wanna just say, may I wanna?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Audience-supported.
We interrupt the podcast you're listening to
to tell you about another podcast.
That's right, We Got This with Mark and Hal.
That's correct, Mark.
This is Hal.
We do the hard work for you,
settling all of the meaningless arguments
you have with your friends.
So tune in every week on the Maximum Fun Network
for We Got This with Mark and Hal,
and all your questions will be asked and answered.
You're welcome.
All right, that's enough of that.
We Got This.
