The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, and Advice Show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. And Travis has a voice, everybody.
Well, so I thought, you know, it's here, this is the last episode of the year,
so we could do our normal, every year, like we do every year, standard, just kind of year-end
review. And just kind of talk about how 2020 went, the highs, the lows, if we can even think of any.
The fashion, if you think of any lows, the fashion, the trends, the movies that shaped us.
Yeah, exactly.
The cultural milestones, the moments that united us physically.
Yes, yes, yes, yes. There's a lot. A lot happened this year.
Was that their pizza rat? Was that 2020?
No, I think that was 2017.
Shoot, I was pretty close.
I feel so new. Pizza rat, though.
Okay, what about Balloon Boy? That feels more recent.
Balloon Boy preceded pizza. Balloon Boy flew so Pizza Rat could walk and steal pizza.
So I know that that did not happen in 2020.
It would have been kicked ass if Pizza Rat flew, also.
Well, I played some video games this year.
That's not gonna do it, no. We're looking for, Travis, we're looking for cultural touchstones.
We're looking for big important moments in our, in our, in entertainment history.
Because that's what, what are we now if not part of entertainment history?
Yes. Oh, there was that moment when they said the one movie won an Oscar,
but then it was like no, actually.
Not this year, I don't think.
Fuck, really?
I don't think that one was this year.
It didn't win one this year, I will say.
Um, fucking, come on, y'all, Scoob.
Scoob!
Fucking Scoob definitely came out this year.
Scoob, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Did Scoob come out this year? It did.
Celebrity faux pas. There had to have been those.
Who, who really stepped in it this year?
Uh, oh, oh, Ellen.
Ellen stepped in it.
Ellen did stepped in it this year?
Oh, when she went to that football game.
She did, she, well, she did that.
First off, everybody was like, Ellen's not a nice person, surprise.
And everyone was like, wow, that is a surprise.
Look at her dance.
Are you chill with W? Can you dance like that?
Yeah, and then she's like, I'm not mean.
I'm chilling with war criminal George W. Bush.
We're at a football game.
What's more American than that?
It's hard.
We never really talked about that,
because I think we always assume Ellen is just on the brink
of having us on her program.
So we don't really talk about that stuff a lot.
But the problem is she has to wait for an opportunity
when there are three openings.
Yeah, in a row.
And three chairs.
Three chairs.
She doesn't, she's having more made.
That's what her people keep telling us.
I feel like if the one thing about us is that if we did see,
if we're at football, if we saw W over there,
just like double dipping some nachos and enjoying a Coke.
I feel like we probably would be the,
this is the exact thing that we would get busted for.
Right?
This is the exact thing that would bring it down for us.
It's because it would be like so funny, so funny.
Yeah.
GW was there.
I feel like we would have to get a chill going just for the,
you know what?
If Ellen would come out and be like, it was for the Vine.
Yeah, right?
You know, that was just for the Vine.
Guys, I was making a TikTok.
Don't you get it?
That one was for the Vine.
Guys, fucking Tiger King.
Remember him?
I actually missed that.
I didn't watch it.
This dude, this dude is straight up zany, gang.
And the way he hurt those animals.
It's not funny.
It's not funny.
But every other thing about him,
aside from the assassination attempt and everything else
that that dude sort of snuck his snoot right down into.
All the other bad parts.
So fucking zany.
Zany.
Oh, I loved that.
John Krasinski got out there and he was like,
it's good, fam.
And then he was like, and then he sold it, I guess.
His show, It's Good Fam.
He sold that one.
He sold it.
He did sell It's Good Fam.
I wish.
It's so great.
Why can't we ever sell anything?
Right?
It would be like if somebody came to you, Justin,
and offered you a million dollars
to buy the idea of Munch Squad from you.
Yeah.
Which Justin would do.
In a fucking heartbeat.
Of course I would.
I wouldn't sell it to John, though.
No.
Because he'll just, he'll move in to Munch Squad.
Old John K. will move into Munch Squad.
Kind of polish the place up a bit.
Give it some new curtains.
The curtains of celebrity.
And then he'll sell it at a profit.
Oh, he'll flip it.
Yeah, he'll flip it for sure.
He'll flip Munch Squad.
He's a bit flipper.
He's a bit flipper.
Anything else memorable this year?
Anything else?
Fashion?
Swifties got their fill, didn't they?
Swifties?
You know, Taylor Swift listeners.
Oh, their bellies.
They have sucks.
Oh, they're sated, aren't they?
Big bellies laying on the futon.
Just, oh, I could-
All that music grease all over their cheeks.
Oh, I couldn't possibly Taylor another one.
Oh, we got W.A.P. is a good-
That was a song that everybody really liked.
Yep, yep.
That was a good one.
A powerful anthem.
It's yes.
It stood for what a powerful song.
Yep.
Women are powerful.
That's what it is.
That's what W.A.P. stands for.
Women are powerful.
I never looked it up, but that's what I assume.
I like putting together, like figuring out what things stand for.
It's gotta be women are powerful.
Bacronyms, they call that.
Bacronyms.
Scott's Bacronyms.
Anything else from the year?
There's a big election.
It's a big one.
That one went good.
Yep, went pretty good.
Very smooth.
Very smooth.
I guess Dreamy did come back to Grey's Anatomy.
Really?
Yeah, he super died, but I guess he came on back
because they're having fun over there.
That's it.
That's the last one.
That's all that happened.
It was a pretty smooth year.
Pretty quiet.
Smooth sailing, baby.
At least in the world of entertainment, we can agree.
Yeah.
Yeah, quiet year.
A quiet year.
There was that Munch squad about Mountain Dew doing a cookbook.
You remember that?
Oh, I remember, I remember.
I don't think we can do our own.
There were some pretty epic things that we did.
That was news.
I mean, that was news just because we touched on it.
Yeah, shoot, Travis, tell me more about these epic things we did.
At least as long as they weren't epic fails.
Oh, then I have nothing.
All right, well-
I started doing play-along at home.
That was new.
That was new.
So big.
Oh, I found out that GD Ritzies will sell you the Good Ice
by the bag if you want it.
Really?
Yeah.
The round eye, the little pebbles?
The Good Ice.
They'll give you a bag of the Good Ice for $3.49.
I found that out today.
Nice.
That was a late, late breaking in the year.
I think.
Okay, so that was our year.
Cool.
I didn't have any bathroom time accidents
while driving anywhere in a car.
And that's every year.
And that's not that I do that often,
but it's why I'm so cautious to make sure I go every time
before I'm about to leave the house is for this exact reason.
So I can claim at the end of the year,
no car-based bathroom accidents.
I didn't murder anyone this year.
That's huge.
Yeah, that's huge.
This is an advice show.
Justin, did you murder anyone this year?
This is an advice show.
Only with jokes.
Where you're never forced to incriminate yourself ever.
I'll get you.
You're gonna have to work harder than that.
I'm wearing a wire.
Next year, yeah, that's true.
Next year, we'll be naming 2021, picking the theme of the year.
All right, it's hard to imagine that we'll...
It is a time-honored tradition that we have fucked up
pretty much every single time.
We've talked about this before.
It is cartoonish how bad we did this.
It almost makes you want a counter program
to see if we can steer the year.
You know what I mean?
Work against a theme.
I don't know.
That's like it might be.
We've done some, I guess.
Yes.
Collaborating, I feel like some people did okay.
Listen, there'll be plenty of time
when we talk about this for an entire episode.
But right now, let's help some people.
How do I pretend that I have actually...
Yeah, it's a tough sentence construction,
and I do not blame you for just racing right in there.
How do I pretend that I have seen Love Actually?
My friends keep making references to it,
but I'm just not interested in watching it.
That's from Saving Time in Seattle.
This is a question I very much relate to you
because I too have not seen Love Actually.
Wait.
That is not true.
That's impossible.
It is true.
It is absolutely true.
That's impossible.
Okay, well, okay, let's, okay.
A bunch of established British actors play gentlemen
who have a series of love affairs with their employees.
You don't really realize that until about 15,
your 15th watch or so when you go,
damn, this is all bosses and employees,
and they're kissing and everyone's like, yeah.
Rick Grimes is in it, right?
Yeah, so Rick Grimes has got a different-
This is a different thing.
He's not a boss, but he is like-
He holds up a sign.
So you have seen it, okay.
I have not seen it, Justin.
Everyone knows that in Love Actually,
you could live on the moon-
I just find it hard to believe there's no parts
that you have not osmosed at this point.
Have you not seen it as an intentional thing or-
I just never, it's never come up.
People will be like, oh, you gotta watch.
And I'll be like, okay.
And then like, I just don't.
It's not like I'm actively avoiding it.
It's never happened.
Except for, I talked about it a little bit on Twitter.
And I think the thing is,
my thing on Love Actually right now is that
except for all the parts that are bad,
it's pretty good.
Okay.
Sure.
Well, a ringing endorsement.
I'm running out of the booth right now to go watch.
That's everything.
As you would expect-
That's me, right?
I mean, that's me as a human.
Absolutely.
Except for all the bad parts.
I'll give you a guarantee, Trapp.
Bill Nighy fucking rips my thing.
He does flip.
Well, yeah, he always does.
But I could watch him in-
I could watch him in two Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
But it was the first thing he's ever been in for a man.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
He's been in stuff where you're like,
who's this fucking clown?
At the end of this movie, you're like,
this dude rips.
Every other thing he's ever been in probably is like,
it's me, parishioner John, and I'm a detective, right?
And it's like seven-part miniseries on BBC,
and I'm parish John, and I'm a parishioner,
and also a detective.
God, I'd watch that.
But this one is like, I'm a rock and roll washed out dude,
and I fucking rip, and I'm so funny.
And my storyline is virtually unproblematic.
It is wonderful, it is still problematic.
Except for the fat shaming, it is virtually-
Enormous amount of fat shaming,
but by love actually standards, baby,
that's pretty good.
Is Hugh Grant in it?
I feel like Hugh Grant is in it.
Oh, yeah, Hugh's in it.
He's doing his thing.
How problematic is his storyline?
Oh, baby.
Trav, I'll tell you, bud,
President Billy Bob Thorne comes to visit his place
because he's the prime minister.
But he, as far as I can tell,
touches the shoulder of an employee
that Hugh Grant has his eye on.
So he basically declares war on America.
It's so not far off.
What?
Travis, in the movie Love Actually,
which is good, except for the bad parts,
he falls in love with an employee,
and then the president touches her shoulder,
and he fires her, and tells America to fuck off.
And then he fires her,
but luckily she writes him a note and apologizes.
It's so dopey, and it's so fucking tight,
because then the next five scenes are people partying
because the prime minister just said to America,
we're not fucking friends anymore
because you touched and you tried to Mr. Steal My Girl.
Billy Bob Thorne is indeed the president of America,
which like, yeah.
Not that far off now.
Yeah, I mean, basically.
Okay, correct me if I'm wrong,
in the Rick Grimes storyline,
he holds up the signs to tell a friend's wife
that he's in love with her.
Is that correct?
Yeah.
So you have seen it.
I have not seen it, Justin.
So how problematic is that one?
Pretty, I mean, I don't know.
That one's just weird, man.
Love Actually, pretty weird stuff, man.
It's another good name for the movie.
Oh, geez.
There's also, it opens with just a pretty choice 9-11 reference
and then it also ends with us celebrating
a huge breach of airport security protocols.
And you're supposed to be like,
yeah, breach those airport security protocols
for the name of love.
But also, oh, you did the time period.
Not great for this.
Yeah, it's a trip, not a good flick,
but it's a lot of fun except for the bad stuff.
That feels like a lot of usable stuff for the question
asker to reference.
Yes, absolutely.
That's literally, I can't think of another thing
you need to know.
Is there anyone else in it of note?
Everyone is in it of note, Travis.
Okay.
Oh man, Mr. Bean's in it.
What?
Yeah, he's got a super funny bit.
He's got two actually super, super funny bits.
Laura Linney is in it.
Yeah, yeah.
And this is not funny anymore.
No, you're just listening to things that happen.
But I feel like, can I say something?
Holistically speaking, we have answered the question.
Absolutely.
Because now, assuming you listened to,
the answer is listen to this episode of My Brother, My Brother,
and Me, and then you'll come away with it
like pretty much getting it.
Yeah, this podcast within a podcast that I'm calling
Love Actually, Actually.
There's some porn people.
What?
Yeah.
Some body doubles for sex.
Naked.
A lot of nudes.
Body doubles.
The Hobbit is naked.
There's a lot of nudity in it.
The Hobbit is naked in it, and Laura Linney is naked in it,
and other people are naked in it.
It's like surprisingly like-
Now, Elijah Wood Hobbit or that other guy?
No.
Watson.
Fuckin' Morgan Freeman.
Yeah, Morgan Freeman.
Not Morgan Freeman, Martin Freeman.
No.
I said it wrong.
Okay.
Morgan Freeman, Martin Freeman make love as body doubles.
Morgan Freeman as the Hobbit.
And make a baby named Morgan Freeman.
Okay, so can I do a Yahoo?
I'd love that.
This is our son, Morgan.
And we love him very much.
We're proud of him even though he's never accomplished anything.
This one was sent in by Brian.
Brian sent this in.
It's from Yahoo!
Answers user more850.
It never will.
It never will.
He's the worst seven-year-old on the planet.
I'm extremely proud of my son that I dislike, Morgan.
I'm proud of him even though he's disappointed in me.
I'm sorry that I have also wanted to say it's very rude of me,
Martin Freeman, that for a while there,
I took all the parts from everybody and didn't leave any.
That guy.
Yeah.
That guy.
We were so close to moving on, by the way.
We were so close.
What?
I was trying to power through.
No, but I just wanted to say Martin Freeman treated himself
to being that guy on The Office.
Then he dipped into Love Actually and got his snoot wet over there.
Then he's like, I'll just go ahead and be Bilbo.
Then he's like, let me real quick just nab Arthur Dent real quick,
because nobody can think of other people like me.
I'm just going to get Arthur Dent real quick,
and then I would just love to star in Fargo and go ahead and slide me into—
Oh, Sherlock?
Iconic role of Dr. John Watson?
Yeah, might as well grab that up too.
Let me just see how many of these parts I can fit in my mouth.
Well, that's obvious why Morgan can't live up to that.
That's so hard.
Poor Morgan Freeman.
That's just more stuff you can use when somebody's like,
you've seen Love Actually, and you can be like,
you mean the one with the dude from Fargo and Sherlock and the Hobbit?
With a disappointing son?
With a disappointing son.
I heard he just joined the soccer team.
We'll see how long that lasts.
Okay, on a very weirdly related note, Brian sent this in.
It's Yahoo Answers user more850 who asks,
Has there ever been a scoreless basketball game?
I couldn't find any example of a pro or college basketball game
where the plays were tracked, et cetera,
and where the score was something to zero or even zero to zero.
Has this ever happened?
I assumed it would be a big story if it did.
If it never happened, what is the closest to a scoreless game ever?
Either closest to zero zero or closest to something to zero,
i.e. widest point margin.
I'm only interested in documented games, not some game you saw one time.
It can't actually happen.
Yeah, basketball rules preclude it, right?
So here's the way it works in sport.
And this is amateur, semi-pro, pro-am, pro.
And you know this just because you were a scorekeeper
for the, I believe, elementary school team?
Yes, the Miller Owls, I was the scorekeeper for that basketball team.
A school which no longer exists.
A school that is a park.
Because they fucking slam dunked the house down.
Yeah, they shattered the room
and that was apparently holding the whole thing up.
The art school, the gymnasium, the lunch room.
Yeah, so what happened on this is, here's the deal.
Anytime that a score is run up sufficiently on the other team
to where there's not much chance of it being competitive,
at that point you trade in or you sub in,
if you wanna use the parlance of sport,
you sub in some of your bad players to give them a chance
to get more accustomed to being on the field or of play,
which is to say the basketball rectangle.
And you give them a chance to kind of get the nerves out,
like play in your first big game, but the stakes aren't that high.
And the problem is, if you go long enough down that road
and the other team is still scoreless,
at that point you are mandated to start doing
what are called inspirational sub-ins.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
They're Facebook bait, basically.
So if the game is close.
Yeah, like the water boy gets to play.
Exactly, right?
At that point, the mascot comes by and he's like,
I would love to shoot a few or I'd like to play point guard for a bit.
And like, some guys.
They start reaching out to people in the crowd,
like anybody out there.
Some guy's grandpa who never made the game winning.
You see where we're going.
The coach, but he's wearing a propeller hat.
A girl, whatever, whatever it may be.
That was a joke about society, Griffin.
Oh, look at the layers.
But the point is, that is what happened.
The farther down that rabbit hole you go,
the more people by the end of it,
the opposing team is going to be like Alf, a trash can.
The idea of capitalism, like you're not going to have a team really.
Another stationary basketball.
That's wearing sunglasses.
A team from that bottle planet from Superman,
you know, the bottle city of Kandor.
An actual air bud, but it's just a dog that doesn't,
doesn't really have the skills.
He's got to start somewhere.
But that is why you cannot have a scoreless game,
because eventually there's just no competition whatsoever.
I think it's mean that in professional sports,
they don't have the mercy rule.
I think that, because I remember being a kid
and playing a lot of different sports
and really appreciating the fact that the mercy rule existed.
Because mostly it meant that I could stop,
I don't know, picking up pieces of grass in the field or whatever,
and I could go home and think about my poetry or what have you.
I think that that needs to exist more,
because I would like to see more press conferences
with like grown adults talking about how they got mercy.
That would be something, although I will say, Travis,
at halftime, the Monstars were up 63 to 18 over the Toon Squad.
That is pretty high.
They could have gone ahead and joint them off
to Moron Mountain right then and there,
but they didn't.
They came back, they played the whole damn thing.
What a great name for an amusement park, by the way.
Can we just acknowledge that if there was a place
called Moron Mountain in your hometown,
you'd be wicked proud of that.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm just saying maybe the Monstars weren't the bad guys.
Hey, let's look back and really reexamine.
I think it's time that we put a new lens and look at-
Ooh!
Space Jam and see if the Monstars are the bad guys.
They were pretty tacitly endorsing slavery,
I'm pretty sure that team was.
Okay, there's that.
Yeah, but we haven't even considered the idea
of the scoreless basketball game of two teams playing each other.
And I'm not saying like it's alpha and a garbage can,
just like maybe two teams, like the Orlando Magic
and the Charlotte Hornets are just having an off day
and it's third period, third quarter,
and it's just like, boing, boing, boing, boing, boing.
God, again!
Eventually one of us is gonna have to get this in,
but it just hasn't happened yet.
There is another option though, Griffin.
It doesn't have to be they're playing as the worst.
It could be like the Golden State Warriors
against the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Yeah.
Two teams that I think are good
or at least have been within the last decade.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
And they're so good that now it's becoming a defense,
a battle of defense where like they're making good shots,
but it's just like every time, boom, someone's there,
boom, someone's there, boom, someone's there.
They're playing their gall darn hearts out.
Alternatively, they both got sixth man.
Oh, wow.
They both got ghost friends, ghost family,
that are like in there.
And so when somebody comes up to dunk one in
and they just use their ghost hand to slap it away,
I think if that happens to you once,
that's probably enough for you to be like,
oh, there's a ghost.
There's gotta be a ghost.
Can you imagine a scene like that happening in a movie
and there's a little kid in the crowd
and he's like clutching his little pennant,
but then the same thing happens for the other team too.
And he looks across the court
and there's another little kid sitting on the other side
and he's holding a different pennant
and they like look at each other
and they kind of mouth like, did you pray to God too
that they would win?
Oh man, I prayed to God that they would win.
Oh, beans.
Man, there had to be the MLB commissioner at some point
had to be like, gang, we gotta start keeping an eye out
for these fucking angels.
Everybody's got angels now.
Everybody's got angels now and it's great.
We're out there and it's like, oh man,
is old Tony Danza gonna pitch a no hitter or not?
And then it's like, but fucking 10 feet over here,
10 feet overhead, there is a biblical angel battle happening
between both teams.
Ragnarok is happening right here.
Every game and it's so loud.
Would you stop them?
At some point the baseball would stop, right?
Like you couldn't keep doing baseball with that going on.
Well, as in the sky, you see like fucking, I don't know.
Chris Lloyd pulls out his flaming sword and strikes down.
Yeah, you see the little boy stand up and wave his arms
to signal that angels are here,
but across the field a different boy is also waving
their arms and you're like, oh no.
Oh no, it's ghosts v. angels.
Then you hear seven horns and you know.
As the seals rip open.
As the seals, it's time.
And this is an exhibition game.
Yeah.
We're ending the world.
This is the all-star game.
What are you doing?
It's the home run derby.
It's the battle where, it's the all-star game.
It's the battle when all stars will be snuffed out
and darkness will reign.
All stars.
This is the celebrity versus retired baseball players
charity event.
What is happening?
An angel just lifted up Dan Levy and flew him around the bases.
What is going on?
I'll tell you what's going on.
We're going to the money zone.
Thank God.
Oh, that was smooth as butter, baby.
You know what everybody needs?
What, Trav?
Well, I mean, if you think about it, there's a lot.
There's a lot.
But you know what they need most of all?
Stamps.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah, Griffin.
Wow.
Got it one, dude.
Awesome.
Yeah, it's Stamps.
Awesome.
You ever try to mail one of those letters without it?
Yeah, you get left out.
Not going to get very far.
Yeah, it's Stamps.com.
If you've heard about them, it's like Stamps, but in your computer.
And Stamps.com brings the services of the US Postal Service and UPS
right to your computer.
Did you know that, Griffin?
From small offices sending out invoices to giant warehouses,
sending thousands of packets a day, Stamps.com can handle it all with ease.
With Stamps.com, you get five cents off every first class stamp
and up to 40% off with priority mail and up to 62% off UPS shipping rates.
Did you know that, Griffin?
Yeah, Griffin, you idiot.
I did.
We're reading the same ad copy.
I know everything you know.
There's nothing you know I don't.
Okay.
What did I have for lunch?
Spaghetti.
No, leftover ribs.
No, think about it.
Think about it.
Think about it.
Oh, shit, it was spaghetti.
Yes, thank you.
Skip the post office and go to Stamps.com instead.
There's no risk, and with our promo code, MYBROTHER, all one word,
you get a special offer that includes a four-week trial plus, free postage,
and a digital scale.
No long-term commitment or contracts.
Just go to Stamps.com, click on the microphone at the top,
and type in one word, MYBROTHER.
That's Stamps.com, promo code MYBROTHER, Stamps.com.
Never go to the post office again.
Well, it's a great time to learn a new language.
Babble.
It's a great time to learn a new language.
It's a good skill to have, and you can feel more connected to a culture,
keep your brain sharp, and you can learn a new language with Babble.
I already knew about that.
Travis has been telling me forever about that.
Babble.
It's a cool new-
You can learn Etruscan.
All right.
It's a new language learning method designed to get you speaking your new language
within weeks with daily 10 to 15-minute lessons.
You start with words and phrases, and then you get to sentences,
and then you get to even more complex stuff.
I'm guessing paragraphs.
Pretty soon, a couple paragraphs.
Pretty soon, short conversations.
After that, you're reciting monologues, cool monologues from cool movies,
like Reservoir Dogs, but in Japanese and shit.
I've been taking Pig Latin classes.
I've almost done it.
It seems like the Klingons are everywhere, right?
You can't swing a phaser without hitting some Klingons.
They are infiltrating our society.
Sorry.
It's good if you can talk to them and be rational,
as much as they are willing to be rational with you.
Babble's a perfect place to learn Klingon.
All right.
You can choose from 14 different languages,
including Spanish, French, Italian, and German.
Right now, Babble is offering our listeners-
I'm just going to go out on a limb real quick and interrupt Griffin one more time
to say I don't know if they teach Klingon, Pig Latin, or Etruscan.
I just want to make that clear in case they are listening.
They are.
They're mad.
We're not getting paid for this one.
This one's on the house, Babble.
So right now, Babble is offering our listeners three months free
with the purchase of a three-month subscription
with promo code MYBROTHER, all one word.
Visit babble.com.
Use the promo code MYBROTHER on your three-month subscription.
That's B-A-B-B-E-L.com to use promo code MYBROTHER.
I was just kidding.
We're going to get paid.
That's Babble's slogan.
That's good.
Weird.
Hi, it's me, Dave Hill from before,
here to tell you about my brand new show on Maximum Fun,
the Dave Hill Good Time Hour,
which combines my old Maximum Fun show,
Dave Hill's podcasting incident with my old radio show,
the goddamn Dave Hill Show,
into one new futuristic program from the future.
If you like delightful conversation with incredible guests,
technical difficulties, and actual phone calls from real-life listeners,
you've just hit a street called easy.
I'm also joined by my incredible co-host,
the boy criminal Chris Gersbeck.
Say hi, Chris.
Hey, Dave, it's really great to-
That's enough, Chris.
And New Jersey chicken rancher Dez.
Say hi, Dez.
Hey, Dave.
The Dave Hill Good Time Hour,
brand new episodes every Friday on Maximum Fun.
Plus, the show's not even an hour, it's 90 minutes.
Take that, stupid rules.
We nailed it.
Hey, it's the last time in 2020,
but I did want to say bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
Oh, funeral for a friend.
Yeah, we're going to say goodbye to it for this calendar year.
It's the last final Munch Squad of the year.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
I want to Munch Squad.
Squad.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
I want to Munch Squad.
Squad.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum.
I put it in a minor key.
It was pretty-
Have you guys noticed that the sunset period of Munch Squad
is longer than the first period of Munch Squad,
the sunrise period, I suppose?
There was more episodes in Twin Peaks The Return
than there were David Lynch directed episodes
in the original run.
Interesting.
I don't have a Munch Squad this week for this final episode,
but I wanted to kind of just go through all the press releases
that are right now.
And I want to say goodbye.
It is not actually the end of Munch Squad, obviously,
but it is the end of 2020.
And that means that it is the end of brands
talking about how bad 2020 has been
and how their products are the solution to that.
So I want to just go through some very quick ones
just to kind of say goodbye to it,
because it makes me happy every time a brand does it.
And so I wanted to say goodbye to them.
And when I tell you some of these headlines of the articles,
you might struggle to think of how they're going to do it,
but I'm sure they will.
Some of these I haven't even found it yet.
I'm just confident it'll be there.
Tropical Smoothie Cafe introduces Mardi Gras-themed menu
for the new year.
So they got hurricane smoothie
and some fresh Cajun-style food items.
Fresh Cajun-style smoothie.
As guests nationwide welcome a fresh start in the new year,
we remain committed to providing guests
better-for-you smoothies and food
that inspire a healthier lifestyle.
This is Charles Watson, the CEO of Tropical Smoothie Cafe LLC.
We understand Mardi Gras celebrations
may look a little different this year.
Okay.
But it's our hope that these fun and bold Mardi Gras flavors
transport guests to tropic time
and provide a moment for a little break.
How inspirational.
You know, it's beautiful.
Burger King is offering a new dollar menu.
It's the $1 Your Way menu.
We know that value is extremely important to our guests,
especially now, says CMO Ellie Doty in a statement.
That's why we set out to create a menu
that offers craveable products,
like our bacon cheeseburger
that can't be found at the same price anywhere else.
And I got to hand it to them.
I cannot buy a Burger King hamburger for a dollar
at any other restaurant.
But what if you could?
Hi, I'm Travis McRae and here's my proposal.
I call it re-burgers.
Now you sell them the hamburger
and then you buy it right the hell back.
Doty told Business Insider,
this is the part that I really actually can't make heads or tails of,
that Burger King thinks about what might resonate with customers
at any given time during the year
and attempts to provide a solution.
But what do they need?
When we promote a value menu
or launch a $1 Your Way menu,
being sensitive to when that might be most useful to our guests
is definitely top of mind.
What are you saying?
You have a big red button that says $1 menu
and you're like, not yet.
They're not ready.
We gotta wait until they need it.
If it goes out now, we will go unappreciated.
The Hangover Crystal returns by popular demand for $1.69.
Folks, I am at three in a row here.
I'm just going down.
The Hangover Crystal is back for $1.69.
That is a little crystal hamburger
with bacon, egg, and cheese and onions on it.
A fresh cracked fried egg, a steamed bun and all that.
Crystal is well known as the go-to remedy
after a night of overindulgence, says Angela Johnson,
VP of marketing.
After the ups and downs of 2020,
the Hangover Crystal with its fresh cracked fried egg
is sure to be the perfect cure after New Year's celebration.
Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
That tracks, that tracks.
Papa John's launches new epic stuffed crusts.
Let's see if he's got one here.
Come on, Papa.
Come on, Papa, don't break.
Papa baby hungry.
Papa Shaq, deliver.
He does say, as we continue to develop
new craveable menu offerings,
we're always inspired by our fans.
That's beautiful, I think.
And it's something our fans continue to ask for.
So you keep giving it to them, don't you?
Nasty.
But wait, they don't explicitly say,
but also things are shitty.
Then we're fucking free, aren't we?
Then we're fine.
This is, I know people are so stoked about this vaccine,
but to me, this is the sign of the times
that we are just through this thing.
Yeah, we finally did.
I mean, that is really the sign, Griffin,
that COVID's over and we're all safe now, you know?
Well, we're getting there, getting there.
Well, it just feels like everybody's safe
to just burn your masks,
because Papa John says that it's fine to-
Burn your masks, burn your pants, whatever you got.
Really?
Taco Bell's famed nacho fries return for the holidays-
We were out!
In a year as difficult and uncertain as this one is,
we know our customers crave the comforts they love most.
That's why we're excited to bring back nacho fries,
because Trump was a bad president in coronavirus.
And we thought that would help if nacho fries came back
because of so many people that died from coronavirus
and nobody could touch anybody,
but you can't get these nacho fries
and we think he'll fix it.
The magic of nacho fry franchise
extends beyond the menu item itself.
Oh, yes.
It's the magic of the nacho fries franchise.
It's gonna reach out of the menu and into the empty chair
where Grandpa Bob used to sit.
It extends beyond the menu item itself
and is brought to life with our next saga
of the nacho fries movie franchise
that we hope brings some seasonal and seasoned joy to fans.
Like, only we can.
This is another sign of times people are like,
can we start being ironic again?
We've been good boys this year
just talking about how shitty everything is
and how we hope we can bring you some comfort,
but now can we start getting fucking silly on it again?
Can we go back to pretending like nacho fries
are the most important thing on the planet?
We've been acknowledging that there are other things
on the planet other than Taco Bell for a year now
and it's killing us!
It's killing us! Are they being nacho fryronic?
No, they're not.
Oh, okay. All right.
I really thought they were.
The sixth chapter of the cinematic trailer style ad creative
titled The Craving and starring Sarah Hyland and Joe Keery
explores the thrilling journey of a nacho fry...
Shut up!
Explores the thrilling journey of a nacho fry obsessed protagonist
and his intensifying desire for Taco Bell's
most craveable creation as the potato plot thickens.
I think...
Listen, I'm not going to go off on one of my famous
Dennis Miller style rants here.
Yeah.
But if Taco Bell truly believes that nacho fries
are the most craveable menu item,
then I would say that Taco Bell,
every time it removes nacho fries from their menu,
has committed an immoral act.
Well, you know, Justin,
sometimes the people, they crave it too much.
And society, that's when we have a recession.
So Taco Bell has...
And listen, we're all sad that they're gone,
but the economy is able to rebuild as people once again,
focus on their jobs and bills and whatnot.
But then there comes a time where
it's not about the money, Justin.
It's about the people and the people need the nacho fries.
And it's time for them to come back
so they can be distracting.
Now, here's what I think.
If Taco Bell really wants to commit to this,
they're so craveable.
This movie thing that they're making
would end with a man killing someone to get nacho fries.
It would be gruesome.
And I would say maybe even like NC-17.
And I think if they did that,
they would probably see like a 3% increase in sales.
I mean, I'd love to see them try.
It'd be worth a shot, you know?
Yeah.
There's just not enough like,
oh, let's make a Hallmark movie or whatever
about A.C. Slater making some fried chicken.
And it's like, yeah, okay.
But how about also there's full frontal nudity in it, right?
Let's be adults about this
and let's make our weird fast food movies
just a little bit more explicit.
Game of Thrones came out and that was all about Coca-Cola.
So let's focus on.
Remember how the end of Game of Thrones
is about Coca-Cola?
You remember when it was like,
there's only one way to stop this dragon flame
with an ice cold Coca-Cola.
And they were like, who gets to be king now?
And they're like Coca-Cola, the king of soda.
And Coca-Cola changed their motto to Coca-Cola,
king of soda.
You remember.
You remember that, please.
Remember when Arya Stark was like,
winter may no longer be coming,
but that doesn't mean we can't all chill.
And then she lowered her sunglasses
and took a big drink of Coca-Cola.
You remember.
Ice cold Coca-Cola.
You remember.
Remember.
How about another question?
Okay.
Sure.
I'm at a permanent employee at a place
that hires a lot of temporary workers for the holidays.
Mostly having the extra help is great,
but there's one thing that annoys me to no end.
I have a favorite seat in the break room
with the most comfortable chair and the quietest spot.
It's a prime spot.
The majority of my regular coworkers know
this is my favorite spot
and leave me be during lunch breaks.
Breaks and lunch,
but the new people seem to descend on my table en masse
and steal it from me every single day.
How can I keep the newbies away from my favorite spot?
That's from Seat Squatter in Spokane.
Well, considering the one good news is
you listen to this on December 28th or later,
so they're unemployed now
and you got, you're sitting pretty, huh?
Things are looking good over there.
Things are looking good for you.
You got that seat back, didn't you, Scrooge?
Mm-hmm.
Also, fake vomit.
Oh, that's good.
That's another thing.
A lot of those funny prank gifs,
whoopee cushion, dog do,
those are all sort of- Joy buzzer.
Joy buzzer, put a joy buzzer on there
and somebody sits on it and it just zaps their ass.
Just a bunch of crazy glue on there?
No, that's the opposite,
because then they wouldn't get up.
Yeah, what's the opposite crazy glue?
Sane glue?
Normal glue.
Sane lube, I think.
Yeah, there it is.
Just some old sand.
Speaking of pranks,
I was getting some pranks for Charlie for Christmas.
Okay.
This kid loves pranks.
She watches those Troom Troom videos.
Those aren't even really pranks,
but yeah, the kid loves pranks.
So I was getting some pranks
and there was a prank that was a shocking lighter.
Huh.
And I was getting these pranks.
I looked at that and I was like,
oh, that would be fun.
And then in my head, I had this thought,
I'll have to teach you how to use a lighter.
And I would realize that what I just thought was,
I have to teach my six-year-old how to use a lighter
so they can get shocked by it.
And that was maybe the worst impulse,
the worst parody impulse I've had so far.
And I've had some hun-diggers,
but I will have to teach my six-year-old
how to use a lighter so she can be shocked
by the fake lighter is pretty high on the list.
I mean, maybe try new chairs.
Chairs, have you tried all the chairs?
I feel like probably not.
Anybody who has a favorite seat in the break room hasn't,
or at least you haven't tried the chairs in a while.
Maybe there's some new,
maybe there's a new sort of spring orientation
in one of the chairs that you should be excited to have.
You know, in many ways, a new year is like a new chair.
Yeah, yeah.
What's the view gonna be?
You know, what kind of sights and sounds and smells
are there in this new chair?
Oh, I've got a great view of the snack machine,
and I can see that one of those chip bags is dangling there,
and if I just slam my shoulder into it,
free lays, you know?
And that is a lot like finding love in the new year.
Yeah, hey, can I do a Yahoo?
Yes, please.
This one's sent in by Graham Robock.
Thank you, Graham.
It's Yahoo Answers user, Dan, who asks,
what is something non-edible that you wish you could eat?
Oh, good question, Dan.
Well, the top Yahoo answer on this is just like,
and I'm sure they shot this off four seconds
after the question was posted, and it's Tide Pods.
And like, yeah, yeah, it's a meme,
but like, guys, when I see those things,
I still think like, what's the,
there's a fucking flavor mystery about these.
I know that's played, but damn,
when was the last time you saw one of these guys?
The lumpptious they look.
I feel pretty strongly about dice,
because there's some like really good looking,
like hard candy looking dice out there that I love.
So you want it to be like a hard candy.
I like, there's a sort of three-dimensional polygonal
shape to gushers that like, I see a nice D8,
and I think, oh, I would love to gush on that.
I think pretty much anything.
I wish I could just, I think it'd be really dramatic,
and not for everybody, let me be clear.
I want to be like Matter Eater Lad,
where like, I'd just be in the middle of a conversation
with someone and be like, oh, hold on one second.
And I just like take a bite out of a car.
I just think that'd be such a fucking power move.
Yeah.
Just cause there's like lots of things you could eat.
Right.
Doesn't mean like you would wanna all the time.
You know what I mean?
Like, I bet sometimes things are messy.
Like if Matter Eater Lad had roommates,
and they're like, it's really messy here.
Can you eat all the trash?
Do you think they ever tried to get him to do that?
Just like, listen, trash stays it for almost a week,
and there's so much trash that's really piling up.
Could you just eat all the trash?
What if Matter Eater Lad didn't have a super power?
He just really liked making people happy.
And he really liked that.
He was just eager to please.
He loved winning those like dollar, like cafeteria bets
of like, eat the spoon.
He's like, okay, you got it, man.
Matter Eater Lad just had low self-esteem.
He would do fucking anything for the vine.
And really strong enamel.
That was that.
Right.
Yeah.
It was just committed.
Yeah, I'm eating it.
I'm eating it.
It's fun.
It's fun.
We're having a good time, right?
Everybody, it's fun to have you around.
You guys remember my name, right?
You'll remember it tomorrow?
Yeah.
Promise?
Hey, you'll invite me to the next party again, right?
I'm eating the bottle.
My birthday's coming up soon.
What?
A shoe?
Okay.
Okay, I'll eat the shoe.
I'll tell you something.
I'll tell you, I'll tell you, I'll tell you boys
and the folks at home, one thing that's not edible
that I wish I could eat.
And that's Aunt Rhonda's green bean casserole.
We have an Aunt Rhonda?
It's fucking putrid Rhonda.
Wait, I've never met Aunt Rhonda.
Oh, you would know her by the smell
of her bean bean casserole.
That's what she calls it.
Why doesn't she want to meet me?
Do you know the woman that dad always brings to things
and her name is Rhonda and it's his sister?
Yeah?
That's your Aunt Rhonda.
Oh, fuck.
Yeah.
Yeah, you just never made the connection.
Yeah, I never put that together.
You know how there's always that bean bean casserole
at Thanksgiving and Christmas and Easter
and Halloween for some reason.
Yeah, yeah, no, I know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And in your mailbox.
In your mailbox.
Very threatening.
Yeah, you know how she always buries a knife in it
that says you and just leaves it at her doorstep?
That's Aunt Rhonda.
Oh!
You know how every Christmas when she comes over
she races as fast as she can to your bedroom
and dumps green bean casserole all over the bed?
You know how she hides individual servings
in places you won't find them for months
until the putrid, wretched stink of this inedible food mess
has claimed your-
That's Aunt Rhonda.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
You remember how that one morning
you went to check on your firstborn and they were gone
and it was just green bean casserole left there in their stead?
Yeah, and we launched that nationwide search that lasted for weeks.
Yeah, but then it turned out it was just Dad's sister Rhonda.
Yeah.
That's Aunt Rhonda.
Oh, that's Aunt Rhonda.
Trav, do you remember when you were trying to perfect
teleportation technology and someone left
a green bean casserole inside
and you turned it into half green bean casserole, half man?
Oh, I remember it well.
That was Aunt Rhonda.
No!
Yeah, she's the one that left it there.
Okay.
I just can't keep her, I just can't keep that casserole down.
It's not that bad.
Put a little ketchup on there.
The twist of this, the thing we need to clarify in this question,
what is something non-edible you wish you could eat,
is would we be able to assign the flavor to it?
Because things like fingernails,
if they didn't hurt your belly and they tasted like Pringles,
that would be pretty cool, I think.
But I think the reality of it would be like,
so say it was like cars, right?
You could take a bite of a car, it would be car flavored.
It would taste like a car.
Just because you can chew it up and swallow it and digest it
doesn't change the flavor of it.
Yeah, it wouldn't change the atomic, yeah.
Gosh, I'm having fun today.
You know what, lotion.
Lotion would be so good.
No, okay.
Yes, actually it smells so good
and sometimes you get too much lotion
and you're like, what am I gonna do with all this?
If you could lick it off your,
lick it right off your hands, clean off your hands,
that'd be perfect.
That'd be so good.
Would it taste like what it smells like?
Or would it taste like lotion?
Which is, I would wager, pretty bad.
Well, if it tasted too good,
that would be hard to moisturize
because then you start licking yourself all the time.
If the lotion tasted good and you could eat it,
it has become yogurt.
Wow, that aught saying.
Yeah.
Just like if yogurt makes your hands soft
and it doesn't taste very good, that's lotion now.
Yogurt seems sort of flexible enough
that we're gonna get some people tweeting
and that's like, actually yogurt makes it great.
Just stop it, okay?
Please, 2020 is almost over.
Let's just get through this
and you can get back on our case next year, all right?
But just give us a break for once.
And you know what?
We'll do the same for you.
We'll give you a break from listening to us
continue to talk.
Just give you a nice clean one.
You thought you were gonna have to go into this
for the long haul
and we're gonna let you out of class, comedy class.
We're gonna let you out five minutes early for some reason.
Sometimes Justin is just done.
Sometimes I'm just done, y'all.
It's been a long year
and I think that we could all use a few minutes to ourselves.
Yeah, you know what?
Everybody gets five quiet minutes.
We're gonna put our heads down.
Don't look back at the teacher's desk.
We're back here smoking.
You locked your kid's door
and you told them that they could come out in 60 minutes
when you're done with our show.
Well, you get five extra minutes,
however you wanna spend them.
That's your time.
That's for you.
Drink some water.
Hey, with that five minutes,
drink some water.
Close your eyes for a minute.
Just breathe.
Just breathe.
God, just breathe.
Just breathe.
And listening and listen to us tell you
that we got a book coming out.
A couple of books I wanna tell you about.
January 26th at 9 p.m.
There's a free virtual event.
We partner with six independent bookstores
to promote our book.
Everybody has a podcast except you.
It is a how-to book, a how-to podcast,
but it's also funny and fun to read.
And we worked really hard on it.
And if you pre-order from one of these
six independent bookstores,
you can get a exclusively designed book plate
signed by one of us with your copy.
While supplies last,
you can go to bit.ly forward slash McElroy podcast book event
for bookstore links and more information.
I also wanna tell you that the Sawbones paperback book is,
as you're listening to this,
is out tomorrow, I think, on Tuesday.
So please, if you have not pre-ordered that already,
please pre-order that
because the first week is really important for a book.
And if you could just tweet about it
and help us make that a big hit,
that would be just the best.
I ordered 20 of them, Justin.
Thank you, Travis.
And I'll be reselling them at $3 above market price.
Wow, that is less great.
You can get them wherever fine bookstores,
books are sold.
Or at my house.
You can come to my house.
I'll have 20 copies for sale
and I'll even sign them for you.
If you get it from bookshop.org,
you can actually support a real bookstore.
Or you can go to TravisMcElroy.com
and look at pictures of me.
Okay.
Another great thing to do.
You can also pre-order The Adventure Zone Crystal Kingdom.
It's the, what, Jesus' fourth book in the series?
Go to theadventurezonecomic.com.
It comes out July 13th,
but go ahead and make sure you got a copy heading your way.
And we also have a bunch of merch, Travis.
We do have a bunch of merch.
If you're listening,
you have like two or three more days
to order the Festo pin of the month,
which benefits the Transgender Law Center,
that Festo pin.
It's really, really cool if you haven't seen it.
And the proceeds go, like I said,
to the Transgender Law Center,
which employs a variety of community-driven strategies
to keep transgender and gender nonconforming people alive,
thriving, and fighting for liberation.
There's some Candle Nights merch on there.
And I know what you're saying.
Wait, isn't Candle Nights?
No, it's never over until it is.
And I guess this year it's January 4th
is when that's gonna end.
Because through January 4th,
all sales of our Candle Nights items
go to benefit Harmony House,
which for anybody who has purchased merch
in the last week or two
and watched the Candle Nights special,
y'all have gone above and beyond
helping us raise money for them.
So thank you again.
All of that available at McRoyMerch.com.
Thank you to John Roderick and Long Winters
for using our theme song into Departure,
the album putting the days to bed.
That one almost got away from me,
but I feel like I grabbed it by the tail
and pulled it right back into the boat, didn't I?
Yeah.
And the other thing is MaximumFun.org.
I wanna thank them too in a big way.
Thanks MaximumFun.org.
And we wanna thank you.
You know, it's been a tough year.
It's been a tough year.
Here, guys.
And in a year as challenging as this one,
I think it's time we explore new Soft Taco opportunities.
Or as I like to call them, Taco-tunities.
Yes, thank you.
This Yahoo was sent in by Connor.
It's from an anonymous Yahoo Answers user
who I'm gonna call Morgan.
Asks, how did they move the Statue of Liberty
for Ghostbusters 2?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis Adler.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother,
may kiss your dad's square on the lips.
Hey, girls, do you wanna just say, hey, I wanna?
MaximumFun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
