The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, and Me, an advice show for the modern
era, as if we never left. It's your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. It's your middle-est
brother and responsible homeowner, Travis McElroy. It's your sweet baby brother and 30
under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy, and I do just need to point out that we did leave
for like a month. We left for a grip. So long as we've gone without recording
on My Brother, My Brother, and Me since April 2010 when the show launched, I believe.
And there are a lot of reasons for that. Travis is now a proud homeowner,
and I'm very excited about that. I had diarrhea for like two weeks, and I died on the Oregon trail,
and Justin's just been exploring his body. I finally got my middle school body,
and I'm exploring all the different hair that I have now. Just so everybody knows,
as we're doing more live shows and stuff, the situation going forward will not be that we'll
just dump them all at once. We did hope to keep some of this in the coffer. It's just life gets
in the way. It was literally a bad situation for a month.
Just a bad situation. So we're here with you now. I wanted to tell some exciting news.
This past weekend at the Charleston West Virginia Clay Center for Performing Arts,
I saw PJ Masks' live stage show live in concert. Is PJ Masks one person?
Good question. I don't know anything about what you're saying.
PJ Masks is a superhero team. This is a show on Disney Junior. PJ Masks is a superhero team
of three kids. Catboy, there's Gekko, and there's Owlette. They are regular kids who,
in the nighttime, transform into superheroes via their magical pajamas.
Okay, so this teaches kids like, don't go to sleep. Party all night. You get superpowers.
Go out and fight crime. Don't worry about going to sleep, little baby. Get on out there.
Now, Justin, this is all new to me. This is a very important question I have.
These kids, when they fight crime, is the crime like, we lost the basketball. Where is it? Or is
it like, somebody's been kidnapped and we gotta go beat up some bad guys?
And follow up question, do they have a sort of self-imposed Batman-esque moral code where
they do not kill the bad guys? Good question. They only punch and beat them up very badly, but
the PJ Masks kids never kill. How many people do they hang off the sides of buildings?
Important question, all. So PJ Masks, you two have hit upon, I think,
the most interesting parts of bringing PJ Masks live to the stage.
They do kill. They do kill, huh? They don't actually usually do anything.
The PJ Masks have superheroes, but of course there's never any punching, right?
When you bring this, this is a show where the episodes, of course, are like
like any kids show, they're like, you know, 11 minutes long. 45 seconds long, yeah.
Yeah, it's like 11 minutes long. This fucking show kicked off at
3 p.m. and they can't do any- They can't do anything.
They can't do anything. They can't fight.
They have, their costumes have, it's like 20-somethings playing the kids,
but their costumes have these large misshapen heads to replicate the experience of
them being kids, I guess, to give them that kid look.
And they can't do, like there's no pyrotechnics, there's no flying, obviously.
So Owlette just sort of like runs around with her wings.
And like literally half the things in this show were her flapping her wings so hard
that she blew bad people off the stage. Gekko, who has super strength,
as near as I can tell, only uses super strength to strike things from the stage
that no longer needed to be included in the episode.
It was Gekko wearing a black turtleneck and black slacks,
and was he maybe just the stage manager?
And he took lots of breaks and came back smelling like cigarettes.
Gekko, there's another one with the sticky splats, and he would pick it up
and he would throw it stage right just to keep the show,
we just have to keep the action moving.
And- Well, he couldn't do more than that, he's Union.
The three villains like claimed a playground for their own,
and the PJ Masks were like not down with that.
And then the villains decided that they should team up for once.
Thank you for finally realizing that.
And their first order of business was to steal the PJ Masks headquarters,
which seems like a pretty big ass for your first show.
It's a good crime.
Yeah, it's a really good crime.
Anyway, they can't attack each other, literally they can't.
And there's no like things moving on the stage
because it's a pretty simple touring production.
So it's literally just kids like running around and flapping wings
and then throwing things off the stage.
It got to be 350 and there was a magnificent battle
by which I mean Catboy ran around in circles
and Owlf flapped her wings at people and Gekko struck the stage.
Climactic battle between the three and then the lights went down
and a voice said,
all right, kids, we're gonna take a 20 minute intermission
and then we'll be back.
Are you fu- How could there be more?
They were tearing chairs in half, they were ripping nameplates off.
I'm sorry, Dr. Robert Lingan who bought this chair.
Gave his life for this theater.
A beam fell on him, we love him.
A kid is just eating the carpet.
They run us, they go us.
This motherfucker was literally an hour and 45 minutes long.
This show barely maintains its narrative momentum for 11 minutes
and you're gonna stretch this shit over an hour and 45 minutes long.
The last- How many parents do you think, Justin,
like the kids went out into the lobby
and the kids are like, what's going on?
And the parents like, that's the end.
Intermission's a fancy word for it's done.
It's Latin for go on home, Jeremy.
I will say at least one third of this podcast tried it.
For sure, for sure.
Oh, we're done, sweetie.
And here's, and get this, because it's like a fancy schmancy place,
you can't bring drinks or snacks into the theater.
So what you had was kids had been bought sodas,
were told they couldn't bring them into the theater
and then just stood outside before act two,
just pounding soda and sugar
and then putting them back in for act two.
By the end of this show, the mass exodus and hysteria
was as if the PJ Masks had suddenly started doing
like deeply racist material.
Just like shouting at people, people walking out,
kids just like, one kid had a conch shell
and another kid killed him for it.
It was fucking pandemonium.
And what kills me is like,
who did you make this two hours for?
Who was your target in making this a two hour long production?
Because it certainly wasn't the parents.
I could have showed up and just taken a picture with the PJ Masks
and feel like I had done my duty.
It wasn't the kids, they want this shit to be 15 minutes long
and that's barely, like that's hanging by a thread
and you're gonna make it two hours long.
It's for the performers, Justin,
so they can really stretch their chops.
Who is Catboy?
It may be the only time they let them off the bus,
so maybe it's like a humanitarian thing.
Like we do have to give them two hours.
You watch them walk up the stage,
they do the curtain call, they do a bow
and then as they're walking off the stage,
you can actually see them putting the shackles
back around their neck.
As the sheep dogs start herding them.
Yep, yep, back on the bus, yep, back on the bus, yep.
Anyway, PJ Masks were pretty good.
This is, as you've almost certainly guessed by now,
this is an advice show where we take your questions
and turn them alchemy-like into wisdom.
Again, really sorry about the absence.
It's not gonna be a recurring thing,
it's just been a rough.
I hear it makes the heart grow fonder.
And it makes the download counts go down,
much very down, very, very down.
So please download the show a bunch of times,
tell your friends.
I recently attended a symposium at a large opera house
in Denver.
As the lights dimmed and the PJ Masks began
to take the stage, I heard an odd scrubbing sound
on my left and turn to see the person next to me
was brushing her teeth.
She was using a full-sized toothbrush
with no toothpaste that I could see
and she was brushing very actively.
Well, you got to.
And making a lot of noise.
After a few minutes, she threw her toothbrush loose
into her purse, turned to me and said,
I really thought I was late to this,
but I guess I was just on time.
I was speechless and I just stared at her.
What would have been the appropriate response
to this heinous opera crime?
This is, is there an appropriate time for you
to brush your teeth at an opera house?
If you had gotten there early, does that justify it?
Certainly being on time or late,
neither of those is acceptable.
Toothbrushing like, oh, oh, sorry, excuse me,
excuse me, what did I miss?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's not a time thing, it's a place thing
because you can't brush your teeth at the opera
or outside of your house bathroom only.
I would also, I would pause it
that while all of this is very upsetting,
I'm in some ways very glad she was brushing very actively
because I think it would be way stranger
if she was brushing very lackadaisically.
Yeah, sure.
Very lazily brushing, just shh, shh.
Yeah, gingivitis ain't nothing to fuck with
and I get that and if you're gonna go to town,
if you're gonna brush your teeth in public,
you may as well get the job done.
If you're gonna go to town, you may as well go into Lincoln.
I get it, but I don't get it
because you're outside your house bathroom
and that's where the toothbrush lives.
I think toothbrushes should have
those little electric dog collars on them,
but facing outwards or if you do try
to leave your house bathroom for it.
I see people in the bathroom at the airport
brushing their teeth and it's like,
you couldn't wait, maybe the big job interview, maybe, okay.
Those might be midnight riders though, Griffin.
Those people might-
You get a red eye, that can feel pretty humanizing.
They've only touched ground twice in a month.
You should have to get a permit from,
I had to do the TSA pre-check
and I think there should also be a TSA toothbrush okay
outside the airport, go for a free hall pass.
It's a cloak, right?
It's definitely a cloak.
You caught me, it's a Buckwild cloak,
but it's a cloak all the same.
You caught me brushing my teeth in this room
and that's how late I was.
That's what a rush I was in
that I couldn't brush my teeth at home,
so I had to brush them.
You're suggesting they always carry a toothbrush
so that if they're late for a thing
they run into the big meeting like, shh, shh, shh.
Sorry guys, it's one of those mornings,
my fucking kid stole my car.
No, I'm in no way suggesting what you're saying.
That's a good strat.
You've done it again.
That's a pro strat, I'm very into that.
Bring Mr. Matthews, you're late for first period again.
Shiki, shiki, shiki.
I know man, fucking, the little one stole my car again
and my backpack died.
I think this is what I, okay,
because I think this falls in the same category.
You remember in cartoons and TV shows
to signify someone was late,
they had like an electric razor in the car?
Yeah.
Has anyone ever fucking really done that?
Probably.
If I was driving and I looked over
and saw somebody in the car to my left shaving their,
I would park by the side of the road
and wait half an hour to make sure that person was gone.
Citizen's arrest, absolutely.
I do have to pause it.
There is a possibility, I think,
and hopefully this will help guide you.
There's a possibility I think that this person maybe,
we don't know their journey,
but perhaps they are living with obsessive compulsive disorder,
in which case excessive grooming, as I understand,
can be a component of that.
Sure.
And in which case, I would say,
maybe just let people have their fucking journey.
You know what I mean?
When you see people who are doing things
a little bit out of the norm,
maybe just what you gotta start thinking is like-
Respect the journey.
Respect that journey.
2018, respect the journey.
Okay, I can get behind that.
I do want to say though,
the one element of this though to go against that
was just throwing the toothbrush loose in the purse.
Yeah, that's probably, I don't know.
If this person did this on a regular basis,
they would have like-
A special thing that they could travel.
A travel case would make sense.
A holster.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like a bandolier like John Popper has of harmonicas
with toothbrushes just-
I'm not trying to project obsessive compulsive disorder
onto this person.
What I'm saying is like,
if you listening at home, if that's your fucking journey,
own your journey.
Respect the journey.
Damn, that's good.
How about a Yahoo?
Okay.
This Yahoo was sent in by the deliveryman Seth Carlson.
Thank you, Seth.
It's the Yahoo Answers user anonymous.
We're gonna call him Marcus asks,
is it awkward for actors and actresses to do kissing scenes?
Oh, the kissing scene though.
Oh, no.
Billy Crystal, Meg Ryan, last day of shooting.
You had me at hello.
Happy New Year's.
Get over here.
And then they put their faces close
and Billy kind of grimaces and Meg looks a little,
she starts sweating and the director's like,
stop, you did such a good job delivering the lines,
but where's the smooch?
Real quick side journey.
Can I tell you why when Harry Met Sally
is a fucked up movie?
I mean, I guess so.
As long as it doesn't derail the great momentum
I was building there.
Now we'll come right back to your momentum.
Pin momentum.
Not how momentum works.
Pin momentum pinned.
In when Harry Met Sally, at the beginning of the movie,
Harry posits that men and women can't be friends
without wanting to sleep together.
And then Harry and Sally become friends
and then they sleep together and enter a romantic relationship.
Incorrect, because their friendship takes on new levels
and depth and spice over time
when they are no longer lovers.
Their friendship persists despite the fact
that they are no longer lovers.
And that is what is so beautiful
about the story of when Harry Met Sally.
You missed the whole point.
But then they end up in a romantic relationship, Justin.
No, Travis, I'm sorry, you burnt.
Moving on to the next Rob Reiner film, North.
Now, okay, so mistakes were made.
They probably lean in, Billy and Meg,
and it's just like, it was always you, kid,
and then you lean in and then they just start laughing
because it's funny.
This is a stranger.
I've worked along Billy for a few months now
while we've made this romantic film.
Wait, you, Griffin?
Yeah, I've worked, I mean, we did some work together
and we did have that one very passionate kiss
in City Slickers 1.
And I just leaned into Billy, lips a puckered,
and I was ready because I keep it professional.
I wanted to get the job done, go back to my trailer,
and I just leaned in and me and Billy
just started just corpsing right there.
Couldn't stop cackling because it's funny.
I don't know you, but we have to kiss?
What a weird job this is.
You know what I bet is also weird
when it happens in the smooching scenes?
Like you've been doing the scene, right?
And it's like, oh, it's so dramatic.
Oh, the passion, I can feel it.
And then they go into kiss and it's just like, meh.
You know what I mean?
Like, they just kiss weird.
Definitely, there's got to be actors who's bad kissing.
Who's bad kissing.
Right, and it's just like, and you're the director, right?
And maybe you're also like, well, you're not a tourist.
You're the director, maybe director of photography too.
You did it all, you wrote the script,
and you're watching it and you're like, yes, yes,
this is it.
And then they just kind of like do that thing
where it's like, they just kind of catch the corner
of each other's mouths and maybe their noses bump
and you're like, oh.
Now what you don't realize, a lot of these movies these days,
they just get Andy Serkis in there.
So for instance, Ashton Kutcher doesn't know,
never learned how to kiss, never really did it.
And so in 70s show and in Fuck Buddies
and his great show, The Ranch that everybody loves
on Netflix, anytime he has to do a kiss scene,
a two and a half man, the later college years,
just Andy Serkis, they would call cut, one frame,
you would look over and be like,
did he get a little bit shorter?
And also did you get a complete digital recreation
of A plus K?
And now they have the technology
that they can have Andy Serkis kiss Andy Serkis.
And he's good at it, he's good at kissing himself.
And a lot of people don't know this,
but their racist pistachio commercial,
that was Andy, that was Andy doing Ashton.
So it's time to forgive, I think it was Andy doing Ashton.
I think there is very little more pleasurable to me
than the idea of Ashton's about to kiss his leading lady
and then cut so Ashton can go put on
his crazy black lycra suit with the white balls all over it
just to make sure we get the capture
exactly right for the body.
And then Andy Serkis is looking over his shoulder
with a smaller black lycra on his face that is mapped
and he's sort of modeling the actions.
So it's Ashton's body being captured,
but Andy Serkis' face handling the actual smooch.
And he just, he parts his lips
the scientifically perfect number of millimeter.
Like it is mouth moisture, perfect moisture,
and Andy Serkis' perfect CGI mouth.
And the nice thing about it
is that it leaves Ashton's face available
so that he can tweet with his nose.
He has his assistant reach up
and lets him peck out a couple of good ones on there.
And they just put the iPad
right in front of the person's face too.
So you know what, here's the thing.
If you're on set, you look at it and you're like,
I don't see how this would ever come together.
And really who this comes down to, it's those techs.
You know, and this is why I'm saying
we have to keep the technical Oscars going.
We have to keep them going.
Respect the techs, respect the journey.
I think that Andy Serkis
basically has been troned at this point.
I think he has been transcendent at this point.
And I think he is entirely a digital construct
at this point to discuss.
Yes.
Do you think that the greatest technical achievement
in the 2018 Oscars will be if they can recreate
the Wild Things three-way kiss all Andy Serkis?
All Andy Serkis?
Justin, how about another question?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I got a new joke.
Just a full remake of The Notebook
with him playing both roles.
If you're a bird, I'm a bird.
I'm Andy Serkis.
He's playing young and old both sets.
Let's die at the same time.
I'm Andy Serkis.
His Benjamin Button was really good
because it's like, this is the easiest gig I've ever had.
Do it around me.
In some ways, it's actually kind of sad
because Andy Serkis has single-handedly put out of work
every actor in the world.
Yeah, it's just him.
Because he has lawnmower manned himself throughout all of-
Lawnmower man, it's a great example.
I should have used earlier.
Justin, how about another question?
Here's looking at you, Andy.
Thank you, Andy.
Very kind.
And the Oscar for best actor goes to me again.
Thank you, me.
You're welcome, Andy.
I'd like to thank all of me.
Do you motherfuckers remember
when Gollum presented an Oscar at the Oscars?
Oh shit, dude.
That actually did life beat us to that joke.
How are we all not always talking about the fact
that Gollum presented at the Oscars?
How is that not our every day?
Somebody watched the Kids' Choice Awards
and saw Bart Simpson give one out
and said, I'd like to do that
for the highest acting honor in the land.
Has Shrek and Donkey presented at the-
Shrek and Donkey have definitely done that.
Shrek at the Vibe Awards was a kind of a landmark moment.
So I got a new job.
I got a new job fucking Andy Serkis.
I'm keeping all the Cable-Ace Awards this year.
I've got a new job,
but it's been an excellent transition so far.
The pay is better.
It's a 20 minute commute
and my favorite restaurant is down the street.
There's just this one little thing.
My new boss is a really nice, fun guy
who I mostly get along with,
except it came up in conversation
that I had been mugged
and he thought that was the funniest thing in the world.
So he keeps popping out at me
and shouting, ah, don't get jacked
and running up behind me,
telling me to stick him up and give me the goods.
It's alarming to say the least.
What should I do, boyos?
That's from Just A Cool Kid Employed Dangerously.
That ain't good.
That sucks in a major way
because that shit will fuck you up, man.
Like, that's no good.
That's a really bad.
That's a, that is a,
I mean, it sounds like you enjoy it.
I get, oh, it says alarming.
I thought it said amazing.
Okay, so it's alarming to say the least.
Yeah, it's not good.
It's a bad behavior.
I think the good solution for this
is next time he tries it,
throw him your wallet and piss your pants.
I thought you were going to say
what I was going to say when you said throw
because I was going to say like throw him,
like judo throw him.
In fact, I'm so sorry.
I've trained myself as a human weapon
so that this could never happen again.
I actually like Justin's better.
Or just throw him into a garbage can
where it sounds like maybe he belongs,
which is right there in the garbage.
But he's a nice, fun guy, Griffin.
My impulse is to tell people
something we've been kind of on,
I think since about 350 or so,
which is like, just fucking tell him.
Don't do that.
But when I realized that,
when I realized you'd be telling your boss like,
hey, don't mug me,
which you shouldn't have to tell people
not to mug you.
Can you pay your dad to dress up as Batman
and hide in the ceiling tiles?
Because I think just one time of him pulling this
and then your dad falls through the ceiling
with like that triumphant Tim Burton music behind him
and just like takes your boss out.
Yeah.
I feel like that would be-
Sorry, false alarm.
Sorry, but it's hard to discern.
My computer algorithm doesn't catch sarcastic mugging.
I've been sensing a lot of muggings in this area of late.
Because who does that?
Who does sarcastic mugging?
You fucking jag.
I'm Batman.
I cuss now.
Now get back to collating or whatever.
Bye.
I've never worked a real job.
Could you actually bring a smoke bomb with you?
Could you actually bring a smoke bomb with you?
So your boss goes to mug you and you're like,
oh yeah, let me just grab this out of my...
Done.
Gone.
Where is he?
He's not working today.
That's for sure.
And why?
Because you tried to mug him.
So good luck explaining that to the higher ups.
Why Dylan isn't at work today.
Because I tried to mug him.
Or talk to HR.
That should be another go-to piece of advice
that we start incorporating,
which is there's a fucking...
There's a person you talk to
about complicated social stuff like this.
Okay.
Okay.
Yes, Griffin.
But like that implies that there's a way
to handle this anonymously.
So you go to HR and they send out a company-wide email.
We've had some issue with fake mugging
in the office of if you know anybody
that has done fake mugging on Dylan.
No specific examples.
We've just heard there's been a bit of a trend.
Yeah.
It's kind of caught on lately.
You may have been reading some headlines recently
about fake muggings in the office.
Just want to let you know this behavior
that will not be tolerated is against our corporate spirit.
Should we go to the money zone?
I forget how to get there, Griffin.
Show me the way.
It's just the seconds.
Okay.
We'll do your thing.
I was going to do like a second star on the right
and fly straight to home.
No, please keep going.
I thought my favorite...
It's one of my favorite stick songs.
Show me the way.
Show me the...
Oh, you know what?
You know why I know that song by heart
is because one time at Christian camp,
we had to choreograph a song to it about Jesus.
Oh!
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, really?
It was a pantomime to that Stix's show me the way
except there was a Jesus and they...
There was a Jesus.
And they seem very proud of themselves
for using secular music.
Like, you know, like you kids like Stix.
Oh, was this like the guy who did the Weird Al style parody
of walking in Memphis, but walking with Jesus?
Walking with Jesus.
I don't think Weird Al works with that particular palette.
I don't think that's a color that he paints with.
Did we already talk about walking with Jesus?
Definitely no.
It had the worst perversion,
like the worst parody perversion of a line.
I've never heard my entire life.
I guess parody is not technically accurate,
but anyway, repurposed secular music
for Christianity's purposes.
This cat put in this lyric.
She said,
Son, are you a Christian child? And I said,
Ma'am, I am for life.
Can you not?
Can you not ruin one of the best fucking lines in any song
with that, like, that's please.
So here come those commercials.
My Brother, My Brother, Me is sponsored in part by Casper,
which is an online retailer of premium,
obsessively engineered mattresses for a fraction of the price.
We have a Casper in our home.
Travis, do you sleep on a Casper?
I do.
I actually have two.
I got Casper in the guest room and a Casper in my bedroom.
Casper has a risk-free trial and return policy.
You can try sleeping on one for a hundred days.
And if you don't like it, there's painless returns,
but you're gonna like it.
And Casper mattresses feature supportive memory foam
for a sleep surface that's got just the right sink
and just the right bounce.
And they're already really affordable,
but, but, but they get even more affordable
if you're a listener of ours.
You can get $50 towards any mattress purchase
by going to Casper.com slash My Brother
and use the promo code My Brother,
that's all one word, at checkout.
Terms and conditions apply.
I want to tell you all about Wink.
That's W-I-N-C.
They are a retailer of good, good wine,
which I enjoy that beverage of wine,
which is French for the old grapes,
but I don't know anything about wine.
I can barely tell a red from a white.
I can't tell a Chiraz from a Chardonnay,
but I know that if I go to trywink.com,
it's T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.com,
and I answer a few questions about what I find tasty,
their recommendation engine will pick distinct
and interesting wines customized to my taste
to be shipped directly to my door every month.
And I used the, the my pronoun there a lot,
but it'll work for you the same way too.
Our recommendation engine, by the way,
is powered by Andy Serkis,
who is inside of all of our machines.
So that's very exciting.
Do you like earthen flavor notes?
Why did we decide that he sounds like that?
I don't know.
Wink will even introduce you to new, rare,
and custom wines that are not available anywhere else.
We've gotten a bunch of bottles of Wink wine,
and it's just like, it's nice having wine around the house
for when people come over,
or I cook a fancy dinner or something,
and they've all been really tasty.
There's no membership fees.
You can skip any month you want and cancel any time,
and they have a 100% satisfaction guarantee,
so you never pay for a bottle you don't like.
And right now, Wink is offering listeners
$20 off your first order
when you go to trywink.com slash my brother.
That's trywink, T-R-Y-W-I-N-C.com slash my brother
to get $20 off your first order now.
Trywink.com slash my brother.
I have a personal message here for Allison.
It's from Daniel, and it says,
happy 24th birthday, honeybee.
I sure hope you still listen to this podcast.
I heard they did like a month of live shows.
That must've been harrowing.
I don't blame you for bouncing.
Being apart has been tough,
but listening to these soft, sweet boys
has helped shorten the distance between us.
I know we'll always be on the same wavelength.
All my love, Fluffbutt.
Now it is worth noting that October 8th.
Okay, that's not that far.
Oh my God.
I read October 8th, and I thought,
man, that's like six or seven months away.
Hachi-machi.
Nah, that's next.
That's the next week.
That's next week.
I got a message for Daniel from Hannah.
Whoa, wait, do you think it's the same Daniel?
Hold on.
Hold on, okay, Daniel.
All right.
My sweet, probably not.
My sweet, soft boy, I cannot wait to marry you,
or I'm so glad to be married to you
if this airs after October 22nd.
It didn't.
We crushed it.
Hannah, cheers.
Cheers to our years together so far
and the bright future ahead.
All my love, Hannah.
And that's from Hannah for Daniel.
So I'm glad that you all,
hope you all had a happy ceremony.
I'm glad you found each other.
Hold tight.
A lot of lucky Daniels out there.
Lucky Daniels.
Today.
We got a lot of love.
Or maybe one Daniel.
Or maybe one lucky, but complicated.
Not faithful, Daniel.
Yeah, so let's not maybe suggest that, Travis.
One fortunate, yet problematic Daniel.
Or two just regular Daniels.
I think it's a two regular Daniels situation.
And also there's lots of lucky Daniels out there.
Daniel Stern is having sort of a renaissance,
a career revival, which I'm very excited about.
He was in-
Is he back?
Yeah, man, he was in Christmas Story 2 about 10 years ago.
I actually have a third Gembatron here,
and it's from Travis to Teresa.
Yeah, and it says, happy fourth wedding anniversary.
I love you very much.
Love your husband, Travis.
Now did you-
No, I do want to say,
because I think this was just like a cute thing
that you just did, but I do need that $100.
I actually, I did pay for it
because I don't want to take food out of my own mouth, ever.
I love putting food in my mouth.
Why would I take it out?
How's it going, everyone?
I'm Oliver Wang.
And I'm Morgan Rhodes.
We have a brand new show on the Maximum Fun Network
that we'd love to share with you.
It's called Heat Rocks.
Morgan, we should probably explain what a heat rock is.
It is a banger, a fire track, true fire.
Right, dope album.
Each episode, we will bring on a special guest to join us
to talk about one of their heat rocks.
It might be a musician.
A writer.
Maybe a scholar.
I mean, I would have been happy to just talk to you
about your heat rocks, but this is a different show.
Yeah, I think people might enjoy hearing
maybe the guests instead.
To do that, you'll have to go to MaximumFun.org.
So if you want to talk about hot music,
you should check us out.
Heat Rocks.
Yes, I bet if that cat ever tries to stand still in Memphis,
it's fucking miserable for him.
Oh, it's awful.
Cannot get into a line.
Cannot wait for a bus.
Or I mean, it's probably equally bad if he is walking in Memphis
because just everyone down the street like,
I got him.
I see you.
There he goes.
Got you, motherfucker.
Like the song, douchebag.
This is, of course, from one of our Elseworlds
alternative universe fictions
where anybody knows what Mark Cohn looks like, but still.
He probably can't even go to Memphis, huh?
It's probably just over for him.
It's probably done.
No way he can't.
No, no way.
I got a Yahoo here.
It was sent in.
Oh, I don't know who sent it in.
Hold on.
I hate this fucking website so much.
It was sent in by the delivery man, Seth Carlson.
God, he's fucking owning this shit right now.
Thank you, Seth.
It's another Yahoo Answers user who didn't choose username,
so we'll call him Mark Cohn.
Asks, how does one end a griffin's occupation of a castle?
Wait, what?
And then there's a picture of the lion bird griffin.
Not you.
Well, I mean, I think I could occupy a castle-
Griffin, did you pick this for yourself?
I think I could occupy a castle pretty good
to the extent where you two couldn't get up in my castle
because I have all kinds of traps and gates and walls
and armaments and pots of hot fluid
and catapults and trebuchets.
You ever think about moats and how gross they must have been?
Because that's just like fucking stagnant water.
It's stink water, probably Mosquito City,
which is another sort of defense mechanism.
We got deet in here.
You don't got deet out there.
But wouldn't you be lonely, Griffin?
I don't care about that.
I got the safest castle in the whole land.
Wouldn't you be lonely?
Loneliness would eventually siege my castle, yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then I think you'd welcome some other people in
and that's when we get you.
Oh, no.
You shouldn't have dropped your guard, motherfucker.
Why'd you let us in?
Why'd you open the portcullis?
Um, all right, let's do-
Friendship is a weakness!
We can do a different one.
All right, let's do a different one.
This one is an emb-
Oh, fuck.
Fuck.
I never thought it would end like this.
I want a Munch Squad!
I want two Munch Squad!
Welcome to Munch Squad.
It's a podcast within a podcast.
McDonald's.
Good start, good start, good start.
I know it's gonna be good if my boy Ronald's in the mix.
This headline's gonna take you on a journey.
And things are gonna seem normal
and then things are gonna pivot.
McDonald's introduces buttermilk crispy tenders.
Art posters.
Guys.
Whoa.
McDonald's introduces buttermilk crispy tenders comma art poster.
Okay, the comma is so important there because,
I mean, it's still Buckwild,
but I thought it was come get these posters of the tenders.
It's still Buckwild.
So these tenders are seasoned and battered
and breaded to perfection.
Perfection and they pair perfectly with nine McDonald's sauces.
And here's the quote from McDonald's chef,
Michael Harkas.
Our new buttermilk crispy tenders are another example
of how we're giving customers the food they love.
We also know they have a lot of passion for our sauces.
So we created a brand new signature sauce
that perfectly compliments buttermilk crispy tenders
with the ideal balance of sweet and tangy flavors.
It might be my new favorite.
Please don't tell Honey Mustard,
which is of course the name of his wife.
You said that?
Oh, I was gonna say.
Or, I mean, on the inverse,
this dude fucks a big bucket of honey mustard.
That's possible.
Okay, so Chef Mike is far from alone
in his dipping sauce devotion.
Is this, wait, wait, oh God.
So many questions.
Is this like the Joanie Ive of McDonald's?
Is there just, today.
Hey, I'm proud to, this dipping sauce is tangy
and it has a nearly invisible bezel.
By the way, they don't describe this new sauce.
So it's a fucking cliffhanger in the press release.
Great.
You just gotta go and see for yourself.
It's the latest addition to an already legendary
McDonald's sauce lineup that's so beloved
you might even say fans are obsessed.
You might say that.
You shouldn't.
You shouldn't.
You didn't.
So here we are.
McDonald's is celebrating the launch
of Buttermilk Crispy Tenders
by letting sauce fans show their appreciation
as they would for any other pop culture phenomenon
with limited edition, custom screen printed,
gig style posters.
Oh God.
So the thing, is this because Rick and Morty
made everybody horny about Szechuan sauce for a little bit?
I guess.
They're like, they think people care all of a sudden,
except they don't have, unless it's that one.
They're trying to tease that, I think,
as like the hot new thing that they're doing.
I would also say that like, when was the last time?
I mean, maybe, but like, if I go to a fast food place
and they offer like ranch and honey mustard and ketchup,
I'm like, yeah, yeah.
I've seen those before, but this is suggesting
they're offering ranch, honey mustard, ketchup
and a gig style art prints, custom hand printed poster.
This is a quote from Billy Bauman,
co-owner of the Delicious Design League,
a graphic design studio and print shop.
Limited edition, illustrated screen printed posters
have really taken off in recent years,
expanding from music to TV, movies, games,
and now apparently fucking McDonald's sauce.
So I guess those are over with now.
They're a collectible way for fans
to express their unique fandom.
Are you fucking, what universe is this?
No one cares as much about McDonald's sauce.
When creating these posters, we approach them
as we would any intellectual property.
Shut up, trying to capture the feeling
and defining characteristics of each sauce
in one eye popping visual.
Just wet and salty, how do you get that?
It's just wet and salty.
Hey, so I hear you saying you want one and I hear you.
Customers will have the chance to receive
their favorite limited edition sauce poster
at participating McDonald's restaurants
on Saturday, October 7th.
So here's the thing, here's the thing.
There's probably never been a more important participating
in the history of English language
because if you walk into the wrong McDonald's
and you say, hi, I would like a poster of Buttermilk Ranch
please, you will be escorted out.
You will not be welcome at that McDonald's anymore.
It's just, can I play this off
where you come into my house
and you see the hot mustard poster
and somebody says, what's that?
And I say, oh man, ACL Fest last year,
you had to see hot mustard.
I skipped Wilco to go see hot mustard
because they're so good music players.
Justin, you haven't talked about this.
Nine of these fucking things.
Gotta catch them all, gotta catch them all.
Whoa.
Yeah, I just linked you guys.
You can go to buttermilkcrispytenders.com
and check out all these posters.
They do have a very tasteful McDonald's logo
in the bottom left-hand corner
just in case there's any dispute
about where you got your Buttermilk Honey Mustard poster from.
I'm currently checking for my closest
participating McDonald's
where I'm going to just wander in.
None in Huntington.
Great, I guess I don't get one.
I'm sure the PO box will be filling up with these
because now that I see them, it's literally all I want.
The only thing I want in my entire life.
You know what?
I dig the shit out of these posters.
Damn it, Travis.
They're so cool and they have sauce names on them.
I waited-
Sauce names on them.
Spicy Buffalo looks great.
I waited in line to get an SNES Classic this morning.
I would happily trade it away
for one of these beautiful posters.
Also, sub-question, is it bad form or good form
after you secure one of these posters
at a participating McDonald's?
And by the way, you know this is a fucking Austin thing.
Definitely live music capital of the world.
You know that they are all over this spot.
Is it possible to get everybody who works at the McDonald's
to sign it?
Oh, that's a good call.
That's going to be worth something someday.
I've been watching Antiques Roadshow.
I know how this shit works.
Can you imagine putting one of these posters on your wall
and then just shrooming so hard and staring at it
until you can taste the poster?
Is taste a factor?
Did they put that in the ink somehow?
If we're talking about some Snosberry
tastes like Snosberry situation,
yeah, I think I would actually get into these.
A hot mustard poster that tastes like hot mustard,
I think so.
So they have vinyl stickers too.
And I do want those on my laptop post-taste.
They're so good.
I've gone full 180 on this.
I think this is a great promotion.
I'm so excited about it.
There's one that's just for honey.
It makes me so happy.
It's just honey.
The sauce is just honey.
And I really like the poster.
This is so good.
I still, though, even if I knew for a legal fact
that it was a participating McDonald's,
I still cannot imagine going to the counter
and being like,
can I have a poster about your tangy barbecue sauce, please?
Is that available?
Apparently, they're free
with the purchase of Buttermilk Crispy Tenders.
I mean, I hope that falls on a cheat day
so I can just go for it.
This morning, I was walking out to my car
so I can go to work, and in my lawn,
there was an entire bowl of Froot Loops just sitting there.
It had a bowl, milk, Loops, middle spoon, and all.
It wasn't from anyone in our family,
and I don't have any friends
that would, for some reason, do this nearby.
I'm so confused.
How did it get there?
Was someone walking down the sidewalk
eating an entire bowl of cereal?
Why on the ground, in my yard,
of all places to leave it?
Do I clean the bowl and spoon
and leave them in my yard for the perpetrator
to pick it back up?
I'm so confused.
Please help.
That's from Lily in New York.
Man.
Wow.
So many possibilities here.
First one, viral marketing for...
I don't know, man.
Maybe they got lime once again.
They got lime.
I mean, you're suggesting it's Froot Loops.
It could be for, you know,
Hacksaw Ridge now on Blu-ray
because the guy ate Froot Loops in that one.
I haven't seen it, but that's just an example.
It. Maybe it's a it thing.
The kids love Froot Loops
before they're hurt by the clown.
Another possibility.
Another option,
and this is probably the more likely one,
is it's a Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs
or Kazam-style food miracle.
Fell down from the sky
and it was very limited scope
or perhaps the...
Very specific, Griffin.
Very specific.
Or I mean, perhaps the food miracle struck downtown
and there was a crosswind
and this one bowl of Froot Loops
did make it all the way down the street.
And now that I've said that,
I'm pretty sure that's exactly what we're dealing with here.
It's sort of just a...
Just it got picked up in a westerly
and ended up in your lawn.
I would like to pause it.
I would like to pause at one other possibility, Griffin.
Better than a child made a shack wish
and then a stiff wind caught it?
Absolutely not.
But another possibility.
And then we'll get back to shack wish.
Momentum pinned.
Yeah.
Do you ever set your keys down
and then you did it without thinking
and then you can't remember where you put your keys?
Maybe Question Asker did this themselves.
You mementoed a bowl of looped cereal into your yard
and didn't think about it.
You were eating cereal.
You said, oh, I left my work papers inside
and you thoughtlessly sat your cereal down
in the middle of your lawn,
went back inside, grabbed the papers,
came back out and you're like,
who put this cereal here?
But it was you.
Yeah, it was you.
You did it.
Who put the cereal there?
You be tempted at all to eat this bad boy or what?
This is a no.
Probably not.
This is probably a hard pass for me.
If it touches the lawn, it's probably a no
because I've got ants.
Oh, the biggest clue that you didn't include.
Was the cereal still in a crunchy form?
Right.
Or had it been sitting there long enough
to absorb all of the liquid?
One time I dropped Henry off at daycare in the morning.
I came inside and I saw a plastic lid
of a fountain drink cup sitting in my driveway
and I thought, I'll get you on the flip, my dude.
You're gonna stay right there
and when I go to get Henry this afternoon,
I'm gonna get you.
And when I came back, the lid wasn't there
and it was in fact on top of an anthill in my yard,
probably about 15 feet away.
And some ants, some ambitious ants came,
put a little moon roof on their situation.
And I respect the hustle is what I did.
And I think that this might have been like
the biggest fucking haul ever for these big powerful
and hungry ants.
Can you imagine being an ant that's like,
oh, dunk, somebody left a full bowl of Froot Loops
up on their front porch.
Let's get that shit and then get it back to the hive queen
or however ants work.
Nobody's quite sure.
And have a bowl of Froot Loops as an ant colony?
That's awesome.
Ah, I love thinking about that.
There's no way that that's not what happened.
It's definitely ants.
It's definitely ants.
100% ants.
Or?
I'm sorry, ants.
Unless.
Unless.
Unless you live next to maybe a lazy or cash strapped
big game hunter that really wants to kill a toucan.
And that's an easy con.
And it's kind of against the spirit of the hunt.
And you just hear like a folly from outside.
You hear like, folly it is.
It's like, oh, shit, get him.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Now quick.
The trap is sprung.
Got you, Daniel.
Look around at other yards in the neighborhood.
And if you see like a bowl of Frosted Flakes.
Yeah.
And like, I don't know, maybe some Honeycrisp.
I think there was a bear associated with that one.
And Griffin, in this fantasy scenario,
the reason that it's in the neighbor's yard
is that they didn't want to kill an endangered bird
on their own land.
Is that the idea?
Yes.
To maybe cook up a cockamamie story
that they were like defending their neighborhood or something?
The toucan is a vicious beast.
It'll use that big powerful beak.
Take your neck right off.
Bite your whole neck off.
And so you-
And then you'll be left without a neck.
Now you're gonna live without your neck.
Yeah, it's real hard.
And so you do it in your own yard.
And it's obviously entrapment.
You do it in a neighbor's yard.
It's a good Samaritan.
Yeah, I was protecting him from a toucan Daniel.
But really, you just wanted that toucan Daniel
to hang up on your wall.
And I will say one thing.
That's one-
You know his name is Toucan Sam, right?
Is it Toucan Sam?
It's not Toucan Dan?
Toucan Dan was the dumb monster factory thing me and Justin made.
Damn, dude.
My own IP has become so fucking rich.
I can't even keep track of it.
Damn.
Damn, Daniel.
Damn, Daniel.
Do you guys remember damn Daniel?
We leave out seeds for birds.
We leave out big blocks of salt for deer.
Why aren't we leaving anything out for stoned colleges?
Leaving out for stoned college kids who are just wandering around.
I think it's nice that you want some like-
Honey, I love being out here on the terrace.
Wouldn't it be nice though if we could watch some fucking college kids just wander around
and listen to Rusted Root and eat Froot Loops out here?
I want to put out some Froot Loops and see if we can't get some.
Because I think that would really complete the Vista.
Wouldn't it be great if we could look out the window and see a gaggle of shaggies
just eating all the Froot Loops we've left?
Yeah, a murder of shaggies swing by and just like nest in the tree
where we've hung a bunch of Froot Roll-Ups.
Look at them.
They're beautiful.
Why haven't you migrated, little fella?
Aww.
We built this special stand so that the squirrels can't climb up and get the Hot Pockets we've left.
He's so cute.
He stinks like shit, but I love him.
Do you think cartoon shaggy ever tried to get people to call him Mr. Boom-Bastic?
Shaggy, who unmasked this ogre?
Was it me?
It wasn't me.
Was there ever an episode where that cartoon man smoked a bunch of weed?
Because it was always implied but never seen.
But there was probably situations where he just, you know, ripped one right off.
The better question, I get what you're saying, Griffin.
I think the obvious connotation is that anytime he is not directly in frame,
shaggy is smoking weed.
I mean, that's like anytime you're not directly looking at him, he's smoking weed.
The question for me becomes, do you think shaggy has taught Scooby-Doo to smoke weed?
Because that would be my bigger question.
It's like, they're so close.
They're such friends.
Shaggy would want him to share in his kind conch.
Maybe he gets Scooby-Doo to smoke weed with him is my question.
That sounds like animal cruelty.
Yeah, it's not responsible.
It's irresponsible.
It should be noted also that Scooby-Doo has glaucoma.
Oh, okay.
Folks, that's going to do it for us this week.
We hope you have enjoyed yourself.
Sorry for being away again for so long.
We had a few things we wanted to talk about.
Yeah, so the first one, and this is a little more serious than we normally deal with on the show,
but America recently has been hit by a lot of natural disasters,
and especially Puerto Rico has been hit and hasn't really been receiving the help
that maybe some of its more mainland American counterparts, thank you, have been receiving.
So our friend and amazing person, Lin Manuel Miranda,
has been helping to lead the charge on getting some aid and getting some help for Puerto Rico.
So if you would like to help out and make a donation,
you can go to hispanicfederation.org slash donate.
And I would also suggest checking out Lin's feed on Twitter
to see all the stuff that they're working on to try to get some help for Puerto Rico.
And just do what you can.
And just in general, anytime you see people needing some help,
do what you can and help them out.
Also wanted to let everyone know that at New York Comic Con this year,
we are going to be doing a panel about the Adventure Zone graphic novel.
It's gonna be me and dad and Carrie Peach,
who is the artist working on the graphic novel,
and it's gonna be moderated by Patrick Rothfuss.
So that's gonna be, I think, a whole lot of fun.
And it's Friday morning at 10.30 at the Hudson Mercantile, 10.30 on Friday morning.
So come out, check it out.
And then we're going to be doing a ticketed signing afterwards.
So the first 75 people who show up to the panel
are gonna get tickets to the signing afterwards.
So come hang out with us and say hi.
I wanna thank John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure, off the album Putting the Days to Bed.
It's a very, very good album, and it's like one of my fall favorites.
So if you haven't listened to it or any of the Long Winters music,
all the albums are very, very good, and they're gonna get you in that autumnal mood.
Also wanna thank Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
You can go to MaximumFun.org, check out all the great podcasts there.
Shows like Stop Podcasting Yourself, One Bad Mother, Lady 2 Lady,
The Greatest Generation,
which is also doing a new show about the new series called The Greatest Discovery.
We have two Star Trek podcasts on our network.
Fucking step off.
All great shows all at MaximumFun.org.
And if you wanna see the other shows and videos and stuff that we do,
you can go to McElroyShows.com.
I wanna mention real quick that Rachel and I have a new show called Wonderful,
which has replaced our Bachelor recap show Rose Buddies,
that I've really enjoyed doing.
We're only four episodes in, and it's just a podcast where we talk about stuff that we like
and try to stay positive about everything.
So go check out Wonderful if you want.
Along those same lines, I wanna let everyone know that my friend Tybee and I
have started a new podcast called Run,
a Doctor Who fan cast to replace Interrobang, the show we used to do.
It's kind of a rewatch Doctor Who discussion news kind of thing.
So far, we've watched the first three of the Eccleston series,
as well as the eighth Doctor Paul McGann movie.
So if you wanna check that out, you can find it on iTunes
or just by searching Run, a Doctor Who fan cast.
Justin, you got anything you wanna plug?
I'm on my grind.
Just every day, you know it's your boy.
I'm on my grind 24, 24 eight, that's me.
So here's a final Yahoo is sent in by like five different people.
It was sent in by a lot of folks.
Thank you, it's from another.
Oh, wait, sorry, one more thing.
We do have something to plug.
The Adventure Zone is gonna be starting the new arc coming next week.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, starting this week, we're gonna be doing our world building episode.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So if you wanna get on board, get on the ground floor of a new adventure,
then come join us on Thursday.
Yeah, Thursday, October 5th, we're gonna have our world building episode.
We're gonna be doing a few like mini arcs.
So like little two, three episode arcs where we're all gonna be taking turns
telling new stories and playing new games and exploring new genres.
Dad has a superhero story planned out.
We're gonna be playing the fate system.
I'm very excited about it.
We've got our characters ready and I'm super psyched for y'all to hear it.
So yeah, this Thursday, we're gonna be doing like a preliminary world building episode
so you can find out what we're gonna be doing
and who we're gonna be playing and it's gonna be really fun.
Also wanna mention that we're gonna be adding another My Brother, My Brother and Me show
in Chicago when we're doing our Midwest tour this November.
We're gonna be there one day early at the Chicago Theater.
That's November the 16th at the Chicago Theater
and tickets for that are gonna go on presale this Wednesday the 4th
starting at 10 a.m. central time.
I think we'll probably be sharing the link whenever the site is available
but you can find out details on the Chicago Theater's website.
But in order to get tickets in the presale,
you're gonna have to use a special password and that special unhackable password is...
See that bike just drove by trying to get the password.
The password is My Brother, all one word.
That's gonna get you the presale Wednesday, October the 4th at 10 a.m. central time
and then they're gonna be on sale for the public this Friday the 6th at noon central time
but go ahead and get on there.
Get the presale tickets going and keep an eye out for the link and come see us November 16th
in Chicago and we're gonna be doing My Brother, My Brother and Me so come see us.
All right, Griffin.
Yeah, final Yahoo.
This one was sent in by a bunch of folks.
Thank you everybody who sent this one in.
It's from an anonymous Yahoo Answers user who I'm going to name Michael.
Asks, who named the moon the moon?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother and Me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
Maximum fun dot org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
Every week on Inside Pop we take turns recommending something great
from the world of pop culture to each other.
And in the month of October we're going big, very big with the Big Cell 30.
Every day for 30 days we're going to suggest some type of pop culture to check out.
Things that may not be on your radar but will be well worth trying.
From TV to music to movies and more, the Big Cell 30 is as irresistible as a Jedi mind trick.
As convincing as an Annalise Keating closing argument.
And as seductive as Miguel singing a ballad shirtless and slightly sweaty.
Follow us on Twitter at Pop Insiders for daily Big Cells
and listen to Inside Pop every week for Big Cells from some special guests.
The Big Cell 30 starts October 1st and runs every day of the month on Inside Pop.
