The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my brother, my brother and me. This is an election alert.
Travis. Scandal, scandals and scams here on the political front. My brother, my brother and me
gate 2012. Electioneering. Ladies and gentlemen, all we've heard from the politicians is that they
want us to rock the vote. Get out there and rock the vote. Rock the vote. Rock the vote, baby.
Rock the vote. Don't tip the vote over. Yeah. Inspired by their please, we brothers decided
to make an effort, and for the first time in our adult lives, vote for a presidential candidate,
and we were barred from voting. I showed up at my polling place, and I was like, I'm ready to punch
my ticket for the campaign that you, the listener, want me to vote for. And they said, this is a
Kentucky Fried Chicken, sir. Please get out. They said, this is an elementary school that is currently
in session. You cannot be here right now. Barring my voting, can I please have a super donut? As
long as I'm here at this school. Not that it will in any way, quelch the injustice. No. That has,
quelch is quelch award. Quelch is, sure. Squelch? Squelch is when, I think it's like the form where
people eat poop. Okay. So listen. Quelch and you queef at the same time. Oh God. Here's what I'm
concerned about. More than, I am concerned, obviously, that I don't get to participate in
our nation's greatest franchise. There it is. That's the big one. Second big one is that Jay's
told me, I'm going to fucking die now. I'm going to fucking die. Because he offered me a choice,
and it was vote or die. Did you say Jay's? Jay's, it's short for Jay Z. The nation said,
you can't vote Griffin. And by the nation, I mean the principal of McCluskey's elementary school
nearby. McCluskey's is what the elementary school is called. And I can't vote, so I'm a fucking dead
man now. I don't know how it's going to happen. Well, he's had a good run. But death is just
looming around the corner, I guess. Jay Z has an army of assassins. They're hiding in the rafters.
So is it just like P Diddy and Jay Z just roll around town being like, you vote? Did you vote?
You didn't vote? Dead. No, I imagine they have people for that. It's sort of like,
have you seen the new season of Making the Band? Yes, of course. So in episode two, they make him
get him a cheesecake from Jersey, and they have two hours to do it. And then the episode after
that, they go around and they kill disinterested youths. I see. Yeah, that's what happened to Biggie.
They were like, Biggie, did you vote? And he's like, only in the national elections,
not on the local bond issues. And they shot him for that. They shot him. That's something they
shot him for. Guys, flip your fucking ballot. Vote on the back. Yeah, come on. You know,
there's stuff back there. You think you punch, you go straight. President Bartlett is disappointed
in you if you don't vote on the back, bitches. Oh, can we start our own thing? Like, there's
important stuff. Like, if you go straight ticket, you're not going to get it. Can we get like a,
can we get t-shirts with like flip that bitch on it? Flip that bitch. Flip that bitch and vote its
ass out. Jed Bartlett says flip that bitch. I want to get into the advice because theoretically,
that's what this program is about. But I did want to call everybody's attention to two emails that
just showed up in my inbox as I was preparing to look at our question list for the first time.
Two emails back to back from Amazon. The first is alerting me that my book about how to be
fiscally responsible has shipped that I ordered on Friday. Ironically, it cost $3,500.
The email directly after that alerts me that my DVD of the complete series of Captain Power has
shipped. It occurs to me that the email of the book about financial solvency should just read,
don't do that thing you did above. If you can keep yourself from doing that, I think you will be in
good shape. Step one, delete Amazon. Yeah, right. Borrow yourself from Amazon. This is My Brother,
My Brother, Me. It's an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm
your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your sweet baby brother, Griffin McElroy. Guys,
you got to reg to voe. Literally, it's the easiest fucking thing in the world. Yeah. Yeah,
you can get online and reg to voe at regtovoe.org. Reg to voe.org, just double checking that.
Number two, or write T-O-O. It's a very confusing URL. And then whether you go with Barry or if you
go with Mitt, either way. Either way, our nation ends up a winner because of democracy. Or if you
go for some weird third-party candidate, some crazy, stupid fucking third-party candidate.
Yeah. Or maybe if you just want to shit your vote into the sun. Whatever, it's up to you.
I respect your stupid fucking choice. Yeah. Do that dumbass thing you did. But if the nation
fucks up, it's your fucking fault, you big... If you want to write in us, this is an option.
Yeah. Something you can do. If we get 5% of the vote, we get funding. So that's pretty nice.
That's great. I had a sign pasted in the window of my Cutlass Sierra that just said,
Bush and Gore make me want a Ralph. And that was in 19... What is it?
1974. That was in the year 2000. I used to be so young and so willing to just shoot my vote
into the sun. You were also a... I actually registered Green Party the first time I
registered. Yeah. I registered independent, I think. You were actually a charter member of
the Bob Dole Patrol, if memory serves. Right. That was a political action group that I was
in when I was 16 that was devoted to the fact that Bob Dole is kind of funny. So that was
not a lot of big changes. Poetically, there's a nice syllogism with Bob Dole and the word patrol.
And when you put them together, it sounds like a thing that you can really be a part of.
Yeah, it sounds really good. It was like a Bob Dole street team.
Syllogism may not be the right word for that, but it sounded like the right word to use in that
scenario. So anyway, questions, advice, help. My boss at work has an odd way to say a passing hello
and it's confusing me. Walk by me and say, what do you think? But not asking about anything in
particular. This happens a few times every day and I don't know how to respond. What kind of
thing should I say? Should I come up with a standard response or should I mix it up a little
bit? Help me, brothers. That's from Confusion Cincinnati. There's literally so many ways to
respond to this. What do you think? My favorite being, what do you think? Yeah. Just turn the
mirror up to nature and make him go, that doesn't make any sense. Exactly. Does this guy have a
fucking aphasia? What is going on? Maybe he's losing weight and so every time he sees you,
he wants to know what you think of this slimmer silhouette. What do you think? How's this visage?
What do you think of this lean body? I guess, what can you do? That's a pretty good response,
right? What do you think? What can you do? No, I think you've got to randomly pick an adjective
that you can give to him as a response. Like, oh, pretty wet or something like that. See,
I was going to say a noun and you're going to be like, potatoes. Well, that doesn't make sense
because when he's asking, what do you think we're going to have for lunch? Okay. But he would say
that, I think. What do you think? Maybe there's someone that always sees your boss before you
that says, do you guys want to go out after work? And then the boss is saying what you think about
it. But you were not part of the A part of the conversation. Okay. And so he dips your head. And
then your response to what should we eat for lunch is potatoes. Potatoes. Mash them, boil them,
stick them in a stew. I don't know. Travis is a bore, so it's good. Grub? Grub? Travis is Timon
and I'm Pumba and we have a comedy podcast. It's called Timon and Pumba. And not Griffin.
And not Griffin because he's not down with bugs. Hey, maybe that's a good response. What do you
think? Hakuna matata. I love it. Maybe is an option. Hakuna matata. Okay, here's what you do.
What do you think? If it's Wednesday, you say hump day. And then if it's Monday, you say pump day.
Tuesday's jump day. Thursday's dump day. Friday's sump day. And Friday's sump day. Right. So you
just kind of really keep them off. This to me seems like the aesthetic ideal, like the culmination
of all sort of insubstantial office phrases. Like all of the things like, I guess it's Monday and
looking forward to the weekend. I feel like this is, he has boiled it down into a single freight.
He seems like the master of office ology. Hey, have you guys ever heard of Dilbert?
Yeah. The only response that is appropriate to this is like a prolonged atonal shout.
That's what it'll come to. This is what office conversations devolved into.
Yeah, this really is the next step before just like-
Just slapping each other in the face. Let me hit you with this confusion,
sister Nanny. How's this grab you? How long do you have? Oh man. That sounds good, right?
What do you think? How long do you have? And then you go about your merry way. Yeah,
because he doesn't want to fuck with that. He's dueling with you. He sets you up to see like,
can you say something even more inane than the thing that I just said? And then he says,
oh, well me, I've got all day. And then you just stand in the hallway and stare at each other.
And then that's your whole- Why don't you carry around in your pocket
a magic eight ball? Okay.
And every time you ask, shake it and be like, ask again later. Think about it. Think about it.
Okay. Why don't you just say, why don't you say hello, you creepy fuck, instead of the thing
that you just- Why don't you talk to me? Why don't you quit your job?
Listen, I'm not someone- Get a different job.
I'm not a cog in this office machine. I'm a human fucking being. I was born,
like you were born, except I was born in a bathtub. Listen, I'm going to die one day.
I have dead friends and relatives. We've all shared the same pain and heartache.
We're all just trying to get by. Just fucking talk to me like a human being.
But here's my question about this. Is there any difference between like,
what do you think and like, hey, how's it going? What's up? How you doing? Like,
the answer doesn't fucking matter because nobody really wants the answer to the question.
You know, because if they did, they'd stop and be like, hey, are you doing all right?
How's it going? What's up? It's always said in passing. What do you think?
It's just a string of words that sounds in some way pleasant, but non-committal.
And it's hard because people give me a hard time for doing everything in my power to try to ignore
the fact that people are around me or to try to keep from acknowledging people's presence.
But I'm just trying to avoid conversations like this. We have nothing to say to each other usually.
That's it. I'd rather have this than somebody that just goes, hey, as they pass you and you're like,
are you just acknowledging the fact that I exist?
Can we just all high five? You know, like, hey, up top.
Wordlessly, emotionally high five.
Exactly. Like cursory, perfunctory, professional.
You don't have to make it an event every time. Just like you're walking by. Boom.
And then maybe like they did a really great job in the account and you're like, hey, down low.
You know? Down low. Too slow.
You make it count. Sorry, boss.
Ugh. Griffin.
I could never work in a fucking office, man. It's, oh God.
I would be the weirdest dude at the office. At this point now, my like, I used to work in,
when I worked in newspapers, I would work in offices and I managed to like keep a
uh, fucking leash on whatever my situation is. But now that I've been working at home for this long,
I would li- Oh my God.
I would be so high strung. If somebody walked up to me and said like,
what do you think? I'd be like, just please no. Please no. Please.
I would be that guy who stacks up books around his cubicle so you can't see what he's doing.
Like I would be the weird hermit in the corner.
See, I work, I work in an office, but it's a theater office. And so like,
if I were to transition to like a real adult place, then they probably wouldn't approve of
my mind and my friends games of like flipping people off during meetings as long as nobody
noticed. And like me sitting in my cubicle and converting Nerf guns into steampunk weaponry.
Like-
We used to have, we used to have a game like that when I worked at Best Buy
where my friend Stevo, who, as people call him Stevo, it wasn't a nickname.
My friend Stevo would, whenever a boss was, had their back turned to us,
he would flip them off. And he would always say, he was giving them a quote,
cold one right between the shoulder blades. That's how he would describe it. Did you see that?
I just gave Deborah a cold one between the shoulder blades. Like yeah, you got her again,
Stevo. I guess. I guess.
How about a Yahoo? This one was sent in by Jack Mack. Thanks Jack Mack.
Hi for listening, Stevo. Hey, who's listening?
He's not. He's dead. Thanks Jack Mack. Yeah, this one was asked by Yahoo!
answers user Natalie, who asks, what's the point of drinking so much water if you're just going
to pee it all out? Thank you.
I'll drink full water bottles a day because I hear about how important it is to drink lots of water
and then I have to pee all the time? What's the point? It comes right out, like 20 men after I
drink it. No, but really. Okay, seriously though. Yeah. Why is my, okay, listen, I know this seems
like a crazy question, but why is science telling me to drink eight glasses of water
if I'm just going to pee it? My body doesn't even pee it, you guys.
Yeah, my body's not using that liquid, right? That's true. That is true. That's true because
whenever you pee, your pee is, and I don't want to get gross, but it is just the exact fluids that
you put in your mouth that went through your body like a silly straw and then it comes out. That's
like sometimes you drink a lot of Coke and then you pee and it's just Coke, you know? Or when you
drink a lot of Ecto Coolers and it's just straight Ecto Coolers. Chav, you shouldn't be drinking,
sorry, they stopped making Ecto Coolers in like 1985. You shouldn't be drinking those.
It doesn't go bad, Griffin. It's already green. What's going to happen? It doesn't go bad. It
goes spooky. Oh, it's thick like mood slime. Yeah. Also, I sleep 18 hours a day. Okay.
Not on purpose. No, this is important. See guys, the water catches all the stuff that's in you
that's bad and then it takes it out of your body. Okay, compare it to the movie Osmosis Jones. What
does it do? Osmosis Jones. So you got fucking Chris Rock and he's Osmosis Jones and then you
have the big pill guy that's played by David Hyde Pierce? Yep. And he's in there and they're
fighting, okay, and they're fighting all the guys. But what if instead of those two, there was a
bunch of water and we'll say that the water is played by... God, I just can't think of a funny
actor off the top of my head. Jon Hamm. Medea. It's played by Medea, the actor.
Imagine that movie, it was six minutes long because that's how long it takes for fluid to go
through your body. Uh-huh. Right. And Chris Rock is there and he's speaking like Chris Rock like I
can't. Just give it a try. Without alienating our listeners. So Chris Rock is there, he says,
I'm Osmosis Jones. And so he's there and he's fighting the crime. And then all of a sudden,
the movie's over because a flood hits them, like sort of like deep impact and everyone dies. But
then it's good that they're dead because they're poisonous bacteria. Osmosis Jones is just the
story of the day Bill Murray forgot to drink water. That's all that happens. Did you guys remember
they're in Bill Murray's body? They totally were. Would it be great? I would love to see a remake
of Osmosis Jones that took place in Travis's body. It would be like fucking Dante's Inferno.
Hey, don't you guys think... Did you guys ever watch Slim Goodbody? You know, the picture of...
Wouldn't it be awesome if just once you could see like an awesome dookie inside him? Slim Goodbody?
Yeah, like one ribald... You're saying like if you could look through Slim Goodbody and see a
pit performing... Just one episode, like a deleted scene somewhere where he's like eyes aren't...
And a bunch of corned beef. I gotta get fit and then go shit. I'm packing a solid... Excuse me,
everyone. I'm packing a solid bolus in here. This is going to turn... Hey, Slim, is that a balloon
full of heroin inside you? Did you ingest that? That's horrifying. Let's get real. Let's get real.
Let's drop the stigma and let's just get real science in this, okay? Okay, finally. It feels
great when you pee and you look at the pee and it's totally clear. You feel like you're doing
such a great job keeping yourself healthy. You feel like you just did a hundred sit-ups because
you know that your drink game is right. Yeah, right. I think that is its own reward. Sure.
Because it's like, you know, potty training and then you go to the big show and you really step
it up. Yeah. Gold medal. There's a lot of internal processes that you don't know about.
Do you guys ever get... It's like nine o'clock at night and you feel like dog shit and you realize
it's because you literally haven't drank a drop of water all day. Yeah. That happens to me. I keep
a bottle just pumping. It happens to me. I'll look down and I'll see like, oh, there's an empty glass
of wine and a beer and two empty Diet Sunkist cans. It's like, ah, fuck. That's all I drank today?
Then you'll pee in them. Why would you fucking do that, Travis?
Because they're right there. He doesn't have to be. He's not drinking any water,
weren't you listening? He would still pee with wine. It's just red.
You don't know what you're fucking talking about. What are you talking about? You're not a scientist,
like, Griffin. Did you miss when I said it's time to get real science? No. And you were like,
I want to get weird science. Let's get Kim Cotrol up in here. Was she not? I think you could... I
love the after movie pee. That's always such a good one. When you really... I mean, it is essential.
I think that there are some movies that I actually remember more fondly because of the awesome,
awesome pee I had afterwards. But at the same time, there's nothing worse than the revolt that
happens in your body when you're in the... I remember I was watching Captain America in theaters
and an hour in, all I had to do was pee. And I was so mad at my body. You got to go. You got to go,
or else you'll make it to the end of the movie and your friends will be like, what did you think?
You'd be like, I fucking hated it. I was so stressed out the whole time. And now I have
liver problems. Yeah. It makes the fight a lot more climactic. Just beat him. Just beat the red
skull. Just hit him. Just shoot him with a gun or something. Jesus. I am incapable of that.
Just shoot him with a gun or something. Jesus. I am incapable of making it through a whole
movie without peeing, which I should probably talk to a doctor about. It's mostly because
I watch movies at the draft house. And so I'm constantly drinking while I'm watching the movie
and that stuff just goes right through me. So I've actually gotten very good at identifying
the moment in a movie where it's like, oh, here comes some exposition. I can go. I have a minute
and a half. I'll run. I don't want to turn into an app, but you guys know there's an app for that,
right? Wait, really? What? Yeah. It's called Run Pee. Uh, and I use it in every movie and it tells
you when to go pee and then it gives you a timer for how long you can go. And then it tells you
what you missed so you can read it while you're peeing. That's fucking brilliant. It's free. Yeah.
It's called Run Pee. I would use that as a review for the film because if it tells me like, oh,
there's a good like 45 minutes there where you can just go, you can pee, you could read a magazine.
Really indulge yourself. And then I will know that that the director is just wasting my time.
My dad, when we go, I go to the movies sometimes with dad and when I get back,
he'll try to fill me in on what I missed. Right? Oh no, don't worry. No need. I timed mine.
Thanks daddy. But I just peed on my iPhone.
Daddy. Yeah. That's the other thing about it is it has a, it has a receptacle for you. Just to
make sure that like all your, your chemicals are balanced and you're getting the right amount of
nutrients. Daddy, I'm sorry. I made a whoopsie on my iPhone. Please don't, please don't talk.
But I really enjoyed Road to Perdition. Thank you for bringing me to this movie in 1988.
Daddy. Sorry. I peed on the iPhone. Oh my God. This iPhone's for the future.
Hey, why did I pee on my futuristic iPhone? Every year I go to at least seven or eight
concerts with various friends. Most of them pay me back for the tickets I buy in advance.
The trouble is the small group of friends, I particularly have trouble with some of them,
the ladies, pay me back for their share of the tickets. These aren't date scenarios,
more like platonic outings between members of the opposite gender who are interested in similar
music. My question is, how do I get my female friends to cough up the cash or if they won't,
should I just exclude them from any future outings and risk possibly losing concert buddies? That's
from Cash Drop in California. I don't think- Travis, I'm going to go ahead and ask that you
not chime in on this one. No, I was going to give real life advice. This is real. This is solid,
straight talk. Travis has seen how the other half lives. This is my advice. I think that you need
to operate like a money lending organization and that if someone establishes good credit and they
pay you back for the things, then you can extend to them a line of credit in the future. But once
this has failed to occur, you need to get- Break their fucking hands.
No, you need to give them money upfront. Sorry.
And if they want to go to the concert, you say, okay, great, it's going to be $25.
And then you get that and say, great, I'll go order the tickets right now.
Yeah, gender has absolutely no role in this. Regardless of the gender of your friend,
if you buy them something with the understanding they'll pay you back and they don't pay you back,
don't fucking buy them any more things. Next question.
I'm horrible at this. I know that I am a terrible offender in this, especially if it's someone
else's idea to do the concert and they're like, do you want to come? I'm like, yeah, I guess so.
I feel like I'm terrible about it and I don't defend it, but I feel less obligation to pay
them back quickly than if it was my idea to go. That's awful, right?
Yeah, that's pretty bad. Yeah, it's bad.
I'm a terrible person.
I'm a terrible person. Seriously, there is no middle ground. You can either stop buying them
shit and deal with the fact that they're not going to go with you, or you can pay
for their company. And at that point, it's basically prostitution.
Unless it's a barter system.
That makes them a courtesan.
Unless it's like, I get this concert, you get the next one, and that's established.
But that's not what's up.
But that's not what's up, you're inventing that.
I know, but I'm saying maybe that's the way to go if this person, you know,
if they want to go to the concert, but they don't have the $30 to pay for the ticket,
then you say, okay, well, you get the next one.
Or they just don't get to go to the concert. I don't want to see a bunch of fucking poor people
when I'm trying to watch The Fleet Foxes, except they look like poor people.
It's really hard to tell The Fleet Foxes.
The only poor people I want to see are the ones that are in Cloud Cult. Other than that,
if you're in the audience, you should look. You should have wine.
Hide your eyes.
Basically, hide your eyes, please.
Your poor eyes.
I was trying to think of the people, the magnetic zeros.
Oh, they all look up. Oh, my God.
Okay, Griffin, can you edit in there what I said Cloud Cult can be in?
I'll do you one better. I will just edit in the name of a much, much cooler band.
Okay, all right.
You know, I was reading through Seventeen Magazine advice, like I do,
and there was a question in there in which, so they have a section where people can write
in to the website and then get it like crowdsource answered.
Why are you pimping other advice?
Oh, because it's bullshit.
So then the question that the young lady had asked was,
I'm going to a hipster concert, but I don't have any hipster clothes.
What can I do to dress hipster with the clothes that I have
and how does one act hipster at a hipster concert?
Okay.
And I think my favorite thing about it was that the word hipster was used 12 different times
in 12 different ways. Hipster doesn't mean anything anymore.
Yeah.
In case anybody was curious.
Justin and his friends used to think that I was a hipster because I liked Arcade Fire,
but guess what? They won a fucking Grammy.
So that's-
So guess who's?
Guess who's?
Well, I don't understand your point.
It's like, I don't know, it seems like you'd be like,
you're a hipster because you listen to Neil Young.
Like, yep, sure do.
Whoopi Goldberg won a Grammy. Like, what are you saying?
I'm saying-
It means nothing.
That's precisely what I'm saying.
They are in the same class as Whoopi goddamn Goldberg
and there's nothing hip about what-
There hasn't been anything hip about Whoopi Goldberg since fucking Sister Act 2.
God, that was a good flip though.
Fuck yeah, it was.
I mean, she had a cameo in the Little Rascals movie. That was pretty good.
She was looking good in Sister Act 2.
She is a woman.
That's all I'll say.
And I love when she played the goalie in Mighty Ducks.
A few weeks ago, one of the guys in my dorm-
Hold on, hold the fucking phone.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
I was just hoping I could drop that one and then move on.
I was trying to.
Travis-
Thank you, Justin.
I couldn't let it stand.
I'm gonna give you 15 seconds to either apologize or explain-
Wait, I can explain it.
Okay.
Because the goalie in Mighty Ducks is named Goldberg.
Thank you.
Yeah, that's all Travis's brain has.
It's like, it sounded like reptilian instinct at this point.
Yeah, he's gotta jump from one ledge to the next so quickly that I can't even keep up with it.
It just has no time.
It can't stop to survey the comedy scenery.
Listen, the ground is lava.
I can't even stop.
I just gotta keep moving.
Travis is like Pippi Longstocking avoiding the black tiles in his kitchen.
He's just leaping moment to moment.
You stopped.
I was trying to drive the train on and I was throwing a vine across the ravine so he could
swing on and you were just snipping it from above.
Thank you, Justin.
Like in Donkey Kong Jr.
Hey, a few weeks ago, one of the guys in my dorm asked me out.
I said no.
Not looking for a relationship right now, especially not with him.
After I friendzoned him, he began following me.
I go to the cafeteria.
He comes too.
He bought a wow subscription after he saw that I had one.
He texted me five times in an hour while I was at an indie games festival asking me where
I was and when he found me, he followed me for the rest of the day.
My dorm mates him inform me.
He comes to our room and asks where I am more than a few times a week.
I'm seriously freaked out by him.
What should I do?
That's from OMG.
Leave me alone.
Fuck.
Well, he's baby ducked to you.
He did.
Yeah, you've been baby ducked.
I'm sorry.
When you say it, this is potentially felonious what this man is doing, but when you describe
it that way, it's almost adorable.
Yeah, he's imprinted on you.
Mm-hmm.
You sound like the sort of person who is probably too nice to lay down the law in the way it
needs to be laid down like you need to not be ambiguous or too kind about this.
You need to shut it down.
You need to full-blown justified this kid.
Yes, you need to go all the font on this fool and you can't worry about this person's feelings
because they don't care enough about your feelings to not take you to skived out town.
Yep.
Like you've got to shut it down.
Because the friend zone is like the polite penalty box.
You know what I mean?
You're not out of the game.
You haven't been thrown out.
I thought we weren't going to use that term anymore because it's fucking stupid.
If you decide to be friends with someone who has asked you on a date and you said no and
they've shown like you're saying no, but I do want to be friends with you.
Guess what?
You don't want to be friends with this person.
That's the thing, right?
And that's why the friend zone is so is erroneous as an idea.
I mean, either you're friends with somebody or you're in a relationship with somebody.
You want neither from this person.
You want them to be in the, you don't want to put them in the friend zone.
You want to put them in the phantom zone.
You want them gone for good.
I think you just need to be straight up with this dude and be like, hey, listen, you're
skiving me out and I think that we need to not speak.
Just straight up.
Tell him, hey, I know that what you think you're doing is super charming, but do you
know how no love story has ever started?
Never.
Not ever.
This thing you're doing.
This is it.
That has never happened.
You know, hey, did you ever see that scene in the notebook where the guy did this thing
that you're doing to me?
Oh, you didn't because it was deleted.
Oh, it wasn't deleted.
It was never filmed because it's fucking skeevy.
Skeevy Nix.
Why don't you just call him Skeevy Nix?
Back off, Skeevy Nix.
Skeevy Martin, get out of here.
Skeevy Martin.
You guys, you know whose fault this is, right?
The fault for this.
Thank you, Travis.
Yes.
You take the boom box scene, the perennial symbol of unrequited love for our generation.
You take out in your eyes and you replace it with like old Fortuna or some shit and he's
a stalker.
Yes, there's one of two circumstances going on here.
He thinks he's being incredibly charming and has no point of reference for the fact that
he is actually creeping on you and being a stalker or two, he is stalking you and has
some serious problems.
Either way, you need to ditch this fool.
Yeah, you need to shut it.
You need to tell him directly and you need to start taking steps to like you really need
to extricate yourself from the situation.
This is not healthy and it's not whether or not this guy's like a complete and total
weird beard or just like a misdirected youth.
Like you need to be very direct in the situation and take steps to.
Because clearly this person does not pick up subtle cues.
No, right.
That's it.
I mean, they don't pick up subtle cues.
You have to be direct.
Shut it down.
Hey, do you guys ever think about that scene from Say Anything and think about how well
he threaded the needle because there's literally no other song that he could have played that
would have made that scenario swing the way that it did.
Swing in his favor.
Yeah, it's pretty.
If he had busted out like Tarzan Boy.
Oh, man.
Do you think that?
No, no, no.
I'm sorry.
If someone's blaring Tarzan Boy from a boombox, I may not get into a serious relationship
with them, but we are going to go have a party.
Yeah, sure.
We are going to go party together.
That's like a Jungle Rhythm.
You can't.
You really can't deny it.
You can't deny him in that.
Did you know on Spotify there's a six and a half minute version of Jungle Boy that was
on the official LP, the Jungle Boy.
It's called Tarzan Boy Summer Edition and it's six and a half minutes long.
So oh my God.
Yeah, that's enough to that's enough to I mean, you can just put it on repeat.
And then let me think.
Let me do the math real quick.
Ten times in an hour.
Twenty four hours.
So you could listen to it 240 times and that's your whole day.
And unlike the 239th time, you've won her heart.
Yeah.
So just camp out there, brother.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Guys, can everybody just stop?
Can we stop following people and thinking that this is like this is a message to every
man who has bought into the Cusack lie.
OK, following a woman around incessantly is not going to win them over.
It's not how we're not going to melt their hearts.
It's not how it works.
Here's how it works.
You ready?
Hey, you seem fun.
You want to go on a date sometime?
No.
OK, cool later.
Talk to you.
Never.
It's not like I had a big conversation with a friend of mine yesterday where he was saying
that there was this girl that was interested in and he didn't know how to let her down.
And I said, just tell her you're not interested.
And he said, well, I did that.
And she asked me why not and got in this big discussion.
Hey, everyone, if someone says they're not interested in you, no good comes from trying
to convince them.
When you say that you're going to when you say that you're like you responded that by
saying that you're going to whittle them down, it makes you sound like John Wayne fucking
Gacy.
Yeah.
And at the very best, I mean, the very best you break this person's spirit and you spend
the rest of the relationship with them, kowtowing to them and like working your ass off to try
not to upset them because of how hard you worked at it.
It's like terrible.
You are it.
Stop it.
Every guy, girls, I don't think are at women.
I don't think are as bad.
I would say it's probably nine to 10.
The split.
Ninety ten, probably because women have like self-respect.
Yes.
So if someone says I'm not interested in you, say to yourself in your head, all right, I
then it's probably time to move on and find someone that is interested in me.
And and with this horse, this this friend zone horseshit, if you want to be friends with
a woman, be friends with them.
Yes.
If you want to be in a relationship with them, ask them to go on a date with you.
Don't start a friendship with someone under the under the completely misguided assumption
that you're going to say something during your friendship where they'll realize you've
been there all along.
You know, you know who else has been there all along?
Fucking a stalker.
My friend said to me he was talking about how he was not physically or romantically
interested in this woman.
And he said, but, you know, I am emotionally I could see it working.
I said, that's called friendship.
Like if you are emotionally connected to someone, but there is not a physical or romantic
attachment, that's called friendship, you guys.
Yes, of course, the person feels special.
They're your friend.
They're your friend.
And if they're not attracted to you and you you like pursue them hoping to melt the the
iceberg of repulsion that they feel towards you, that ends up with you wasting your valuable
time, your your youth.
Stop it.
And I can say this because I did that in college.
Everyone's done that.
There's been someone that they felt well, no, you think I've ever had a God among men.
You think I've ever had a problem getting this dick wet.
OK, all right, let's let's go.
Let's get real.
Hey, listen, I'm getting your dick.
No, no, no.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Before we make our awkward transition in the money zone, I just want to say you can disavow
everything we just say if it's true love.
Griffin, well, of course, it's true love.
If it's true love, you got work for it.
Griffin, Griffin, it's that kind of statement that all of the
good guys true love.
Maybe maybe she's the the the canvas on which you'll paint your masterpiece.
You love me.
It's really hard to say, but but if it's you can listen to us for matters of the brain.
But when it comes to matters of the heart, it's got to take precedent.
So like if you just got it, Griffin and then Griffin poisons the well.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, money zone.
I don't I paid the rights to to Baltimore to bust out Tarzan Boyd there.
It was a fair use under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
Yeah.
You know, get the girl is only half the trick.
The other half is keeping her.
And how do you keep the fire alive in the bedroom?
You ask.
You chain them to the wall.
Let's pretend.
Well, that's an option, Travis, with the extreme restraints.com is is your one stop
super shop for pop tops and 50 Shades of Grey related items.
They got that now.
Did you know that?
That items inspired by 50 Shades of Grey.
Hey, this looks like a crazy book.
Yeah, I'm looking at the things that is.
This seems like kind of a crazy one of the items inspired by 50 Shades of Grey is the
book 50 Shades of Grey, which you see that and you're like, well, yes, but what you don't
know is that it feels good to spank with.
It's got a nice your dick inside the book.
It's got this carved out hole in between the papyrus and just rub on it.
You're going to love the way this book feels.
All the pages are made out of puff plus with lotion and it feels lovely in there.
You got they've got some Thai jelly anal beads.
I would probably keep all but related beads to American produce products.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure that I would go to Thailand for things.
Now, because you put five in and four come out and then all of a sudden that's your whole
day, your whole day is about that now.
You should also you should also probably get a special drawer for that kind of thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You don't want to mix it up.
And if you have kids, please make it a high drawer, please.
They don't need this.
I'm with some kind of child safety lock on it.
I'm looking at a gentleman wearing elbow length latex gloves.
That's an option.
And actually in this picture is flipping me off.
So I don't know where I went wrong.
No, no, no.
You don't understand that finger has a purpose.
Oh, it's going somewhere.
It's going somewhere wonderful.
They've got a water bottle douche kid here, which is ironic because I think everyone carrying
a water bottle around is kind of a douche.
We make a we get we get it.
OK, we get we have a good time here on my brother, my brother and me.
But these these sex aids, by which I mean the things that help you have sex.
They're they're valuable.
They're they're precious treasures and they're going to shake things up in a way that you
don't even understand right now.
You're scared of them.
You might be scared.
Just make take the leap.
You know who also scared Christopher Columbus and he discovered America.
Oh, my God.
I'm discovering your America of fucking an extremist.
You may think that you're going to India, but what's that?
It's your asshole and it's blown out.
You should have trained it before.
Actually, super blew out.
You got that.
You got to train it with these special gauged butt plugs.
You're going to love the way it feels.
You're going to love the way it feels.
It's you're going to like the way you look.
You may be looking for for spices, for exotic spices.
Instead, what you're going to find is that things happen when things rub up against your
prostate.
Back to you guys.
So go to extremistchase.com and you can use the coupon code middle list and you'll save
20 percent.
You could save 20 percent on the forced orgasm tower, which is what I call my dorm.
Like you guys, I know that we've been doing extremistchase.com
promos for the last couple of weeks now, so maybe it's turned into like white noise when
you get to the money zone.
I'm telling you, if you haven't gone yet, if you haven't checked it out, there is something
there for you and maybe two things there for you and maybe some weird things there for you.
But not it's only weird to us because we're total missionary style prudes.
Right.
Baptist household prudos.
Hey, how about a yahoo?
Griffin, I was going to ask you for a yahoo.
We're going to read another question because you're trying to fucking bogart the show with
your normies.
Guys, read both at the same time.
Here we go.
This yahoo answer is recently found out what we're not really doing.
This is sent in by Krista Whalen.
Thanks, Krista.
You know it's good.
That's like the Nintendo seal of quality.
It's by yahoo answers user Chris who asks, what is the hole on the penis called?
Travis, do you?
I do know.
Do you really?
I mean, it's the urethra.
Nope.
Yeah, nope, nope.
Their urethra is the tube that connects the penis hole to the piss bag.
The hole in the tip of the penis is called the
debt ceiling.
Is your penis not?
It's technically called the debt ceiling.
That's why they're always talking about raising the debt ceiling.
Right.
That's why it was such a kerfuffle and a little racy.
That's why it was such a hot button issue.
That is sort of the colloquial name if we want to know the...
Because I took one anatomy class in high school that I did not do very well in.
And the scientific name for like scientists, what they refer to it is the front anus.
The front anus.
Interesting.
I always thought it was the maw.
Is it not the maw?
Well, it can if you have the special mutation that turns it sentient,
then that is technically what it's called.
I've always just called mine big mouth billy bass.
Okay.
Okay.
Good, good.
Hey, if you at home have ever made your penis hole like a mouth and used it to talk to yourself,
go ahead and write into the show and let us know what happened.
And then apply to work at puppetry of the penis because you're well on your way.
Don't let me feel so alone anymore.
For a long time, that's what I hoped puppetry of the penis was.
That it wasn't like, look, I turned my dick into Loch Ness Monster or something.
That it was like Sesame Street with dicks.
So hold on.
So wait.
They manipulated the urethral opening into so it looks like mouths
and then they sang like show tunes and shit, like Sin and the Clowns?
Well, in my mind, they were doing songs mostly from Little Shop of Horrors.
Like feed me.
Yeah.
Well, don't feed him.
No.
God, no.
Unless you go to ExtremeRestraints.com.
Stop.
Okay.
Okay.
It's called the-
There's a whole weird Chuck Palahniuk book about that, by the way.
Hey, guys.
What's it called?
It's called the me-
I don't know what it's called.
I read a section of it in Playboy once where he was like putting wax shit into his penis.
Travis, I mean what the hole is called.
Go ahead, Griffin.
It's just called hole.
Okay.
No, it's called the-
It's called meatus.
M-E-A-T-U-S.
That- Wasn't that the nerdy friend on Boy Meets The World?
He'd be like,
meatus, can we copy your Spanish homework?
Wait, why is it a sandworm?
If you look into it, it's like staring into the mouth of Cthulhu.
Man, we did not get as much mileage out of that question as I would have hoped.
So, here's my question.
I want to ask you guys on the show because hopefully-
So, the hole at the tip is called the meatus, right?
Uh-huh.
What's the other hole called?
The one that's going in sideways?
I don't know, Justin.
Yeah, it's about an inch below that one and it's like a sideways hole that goes through
to the other-
What's that?
So, you know how you could-
You know how when you pee it comes out three ways?
Sure.
What is-
Like a glaive.
What is the hole-
Like a glaive.
What is the other hole called?
It's called-
Okay.
I believe that's a Prince Albert.
Travis, it's time that we tell Justin.
Yes.
Tell me what?
About the thing from our childhood.
I don't remember anything from our childhood.
No, it's-
You blocked it out.
It was before you were born and-
Okay.
Well, no, I guess it had to be after you were born because it would be hard to really get
in there in vitro.
Sure, sure, sure.
But something happened to your penis that was really funny.
What was it?
It was really funny.
It was like they were doing the circumcision.
They were bracing you.
Okay.
And let's just say that a crazy man ran into the room and stabbed your dick.
It had nothing to do with the bris.
It was just that your dick was already out.
Your dick was on the table and a crazy man just ran into the room.
He's like, what are you-
Yelling, Baba Booey, Baba Booey.
And then he's like, hey, you bracing?
And then he pulled out an ice pick and he stabbed your baby dick.
Man, I hope.
I hope.
I will say this, though.
The laughter was deafening.
Like everyone got it right away.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like when he planted it firmly into the table and it was like inside your baby dick.
Like this ice pick was like inside your baby dick just like grinding away.
And it was kind of doing that like, you know, something vibrates after you stab it into the
table.
I don't remember any of that.
Well, no, you're a baby.
And then the nurse was like, you know, fighting tears of laughter.
Like, we got to do something or this kid's going to lose his dick.
Tell me at least, tell me at least our parents friend zoned the guy.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
They were like, you can't come over here anymore.
Now, here's my question.
I think the obvious question.
Why did they tell you and not me?
Oh, we laughed about it for days.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You weren't alive.
You weren't alive.
You weren't alive.
When I think about this crazy stranger running into the room and stabbing you, you're so
vulnerable, just stabbing your baby dick right through it.
Like it.
It's chuckle city, to be honest.
Oh, God, it never gets old either.
You know, I don't understand.
How do you understand?
Why would he do that to me?
It's hilarious.
Because it was Gallagher.
Do you remember when Gallagher Gallagher was really I do remember it was before he
discovered like his watermelon thing and he was trying to look for and he would show up
at hospitals and parents would be like, fuck.
And then he'd be like, hey, hey, time to stab some baby dicks.
And then he would just do it.
He would do like three or four in one go because he was a busy guy.
So like he wanted to get as much mileage out of each hospital visit.
But he was workshopping.
I mean, you can't blame he was workshop.
Don't heckle.
He was trying to work out a bit.
This actually makes a lot of sense because I've never found Gallagher very funny.
And I've always wondered why it was you have a deep seated memory of when Gallagher came
through and definitely stabbed you in the dick.
This is not liable because it's true.
No doubt about it, folks.
It ain't liable if it's true.
That's what Muhammad Ali said.
Hey, I recently found what I thought was a really cool, unique watch and immediately
bought it.
I think it fits my style and personality.
But the first three friends I showed it to had slightly negative reactions to it and
didn't understand what was so excited about.
Should I shrug it off or should I take this as a cue to reevaluate my choice of fashion?
I still like the watch, but it seems I'm the only one.
That's from Fearful of Fashion faux pas.
Here's a link to the watch.
I'm not going to click it.
I'm not going to click it before I give this advice.
This is what your watch should look like.
A round face with either a leather or steel.
The strap doesn't fucking matter as long as it's not goofy.
And then there's 12 numbers on it and there's two hands that go around and tell you what
the time is on the watch.
That's fashion point number one.
If it's like a bunch of LED lights that only you can read because it's in binary, then
you done fucked up somewhere.
I'm going to be honest with you, friend, though.
I'm looking at the picture of the watch.
I don't know what it means.
If it shoots a hologram into the sky and then you have to read it on the ceiling, then you
have you have slipped up somewhere fashion wise.
In my opinion, as a fashion item, as a bracelet, it's very good looking.
As a functional timepiece, I don't understand.
If you can play a Tiger Electronics game on it, then whoopsie.
You goofed.
In my opinion, the only good watch is one that also makes phone calls and is an iPhone
because what are you doing?
You know what I did?
I got I need a one when I did all my international traveling, got on Amazon, bought a ten dollar
goddamn ten dollar watch from Casio.
And it's little.
It's black.
It's discreet.
And it tells you what the time is with twelve numbers.
This is this is where I get a little bit mad at fashion.
OK, it is this idea of like the funk.
The watch is a functional thing like you buy it so you know what time it is.
Whether you buy a ten dollar Casio watch or like a four thousand dollar watch, it does
the exact same.
OK, but this is a crazy thing, Travis, because that's that's all of fashion.
We wear shirts so that bees don't sting us in the chest when we go outside.
And then the shirts get a potato sack would accomplish that.
Right.
Shirts get then shirts got crazy.
Shirts got crazy after we wore them.
I know this is what I'm saying is my problem with fashion.
And now dragons and fake tattoos $300 for a shirt that looks like a shirt you buy at
Goodwill, except you get to say you spent $300 on it and you bought it at such and such.
Yeah, dog.
That's fashion.
But Griffin, why are you screaming at me like I'm not agreeing with you?
Because it's like you're surprised by this.
Like we wear shoes so that when we go outside, dogs don't bite us on the feet and give us
diseases.
This is a problem, Travis, that I would like to file under.
I think my theory on these problems are if an entire generation of people have lived
before you and been unable to solve this issue, it's not worth thinking about.
I know that what I'm saying is not incredibly revolutionary.
That was the best that was the most uplifting thing I've ever that was if you could wrap
up the entirety of our generation's political views into one sentence, it would be that
sentence, it would be that thing, or if presented even shorter, ah, fuck it.
Fuck it.
What's on the internet?
Back to the question I asked you, here's what I think your friends were reacting to
on this watch.
I get the impression that you bought this watch, that what drew you to it as a fashion
statement is how incomprehensible it is.
Yes.
And I think your friends were looking at it going, that doesn't make any sense.
I don't know what I'm looking at.
And so, I mean, if that's what you were going for, you nailed it.
Slam dunk.
Well, the other thing is, like, you probably, if three people have commented on your watch,
then you probably said, hey, look at my new watch.
Or like, what do you think of this new watch?
It's like, don't do that.
Just wear it.
If you like it, wear it.
But don't ask people for feedback, because they're just jealous of you.
They're jealous of you and your incomprehensible watch.
If your watch has letters on it, you know what I mean.
The watch, okay, for those of you at home, the watch face has three words on it.
Try to describe it.
Okay, it's got three words on it.
To the left is past, to the right is future, and in the middle is present, with a line
pointing up to what looks like two dials that show the hour and minute, I guess.
I don't think it's, I think the watch face spins behind this facade, and so the actual
numbers line up with the present line instead of having lines, I'm so angry right now.
And it also looks like, because, I don't understand.
Your watch confuses and scares me, sir.
I think, I think it's not too late to return it, and maybe get this watch I got, it's on
Amazon, it's $10, it's a little black dress of wristwatches.
That was the Amazon review, and that's why I bought it.
You know what I mean?
I feel bad for, I feel bad for, I don't want to salt this guy's fashion game, but I just
want you to have nice things.
And I don't, here's, oh, okay, so here's what I'll say about this fashion watch, sir.
If you're wearing this out to like some incredibly fancy awesome event, I could justify it.
Like a special occasion, like the cufflinks of watches, I could justify it.
What are you saying?
I'm saying that like if he was going to some, you know, fancy event, and this was his special
occasion watch, but to wear this every day when you like go to work at Jimmy John's or
whatever, don't fucking wear this watch.
You're saying that this crazy watch is a cool thing to wear to parties, and then you can
be like, hey, Mr. President, did you see my novelty watch?
No, I'm saying that if it's a fashion statement, and this is what you're doing, and that's
what you're going for, this isn't something you whip out your wrist and say, check out
this watch.
You just wear it, and you be cool, and you do whatever.
I guess it is functional, because it hides all the times that you don't give a fuck about.
You know what I mean?
Nobody's ever like, hey, what time was it an hour and a half ago?
And you look down at your watch, like, I can't help you, buddy.
I only know about the present.
I'm thinking about looking towards the future.
You know what I want?
I want a watch like this, but it only tells me what's up 20 minutes in the future.
And they say, what time is it?
You say, I don't know, but in 20 minutes, it's 1145.
And then I got to go watch early edition.
Later.
That's what Looper is about.
Man, have you guys seen Looper?
I haven't seen Looper.
Good, man.
Joseph Gordon Levitt is a rising action star.
I am the president of a student organization at my college.
We recently got a new batch of members, mostly girls, and some of them are cute.
One in particular has caught my attention.
Normally, I just ask her out, but I feel like my position in the org would make it weird.
Is there a conflict of interest here?
Any help will be appreciated.
That's from Stumped in San Marcos.
Before we start, let me go ahead and say that if you ever say we got a big group of girls
and one in particular caught my eye, it also makes you sound like John Wayne Gacy.
There's a lot of things.
There's a lot of things you can say that makes you sound like a serial killer.
I would like to take a vote on the show, but I would like to submit, and I don't know if
I can get a second on this, but I would like to submit that the most important facet of
this has been withheld from us to the extent that we cannot make adequate-
It's what is the organization.
What is the organization?
Is it pizza team?
A team of people who love pizza?
Of course not.
People who love pizza?
You don't want to mess with all the rules and bylaws of pizza team.
Is it pizza club?
No, it's pizza club.
That's different.
I mean, seriously, is it a club that's built around the abolishment of fraternization
between the different sexes of students?
That's a weird club.
That's a weird club.
Hey, you two stop touching.
Dudes and dudes and ladies with ladies.
I thought I told you.
Yeah, you got student council.
There's presidents and vice presidents in college.
Are you the president of the student body?
Because that might be an issue.
Oh, but it's such a great line to be like, I'd love to be the president of your student
body, and then you take off your shirt.
Is it a GLBT group?
Because I don't think things are going to go your way.
I do not think you said those letters right.
I think you said a GBLT, which is-
A McDLT, I'm sorry.
It's a BLT, but with graham crackers on it.
Yeah, it keeps the hot side hot and the cold side cold, which is nice.
I was saying gross about the sandwich, not about the LTGB lifestyle.
I don't know why it has to be about ranking priority.
You know, like as long as you get all the letters in there, people know what you're
talking about.
You could say some of them twice if you wanted to.
It's like, and then it just turns into DNA.
It's a GLBTLGBT.
GLBLTLBTA Gattaca.
It's got to be, I don't know, man.
There's no way that you're not exploiting your power.
What power?
Of the fucking presidential power.
Okay, but like, I'm sorry, you guys, but is there not a point in this where you go,
hey man, you should just ask the girl out because you're in college and what group you're
in doesn't really matter?
No, here's how it's going to play out.
You ask her out.
She says yes, obviously.
You guys hook up, you go on a bunch of dates, you realize you're in love, you buy her a
ring, you have a long engagement, you get married, you have kids, and then you realize
45 years in the future that she was only doing it because she was trying to move up the ladder
of whatever this organization was, and it's going to break your heart, it's going to
break your kids' hearts, and your grandkids' hearts.
So wouldn't that be horrifying when you're 67 to realize that it was only because you
were president of the Young Liberals Club?
I don't know.
I think if it's Young Liberals Club, I feel like everybody's fucking anyway.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
I feel like most groups are there in college, I don't even know.
I feel like most groups are just there to party down on each other, you know what I
mean?
I think student government association-
They are built for fraternization.
Student government association, when it's like election season, tensions are high, so
are pheromones.
A lot of late nights, you know?
A lot of, you know, sitting around the war table and then just throw all the pieces off
that war table and then make a fuck pile.
My favorite scene in 90s documentary The War Room is the scene where George Stephanopoulos
just buries his cock in James Carver.
Oh my god.
Oh no!
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like, me likey.
I have-
It's on the Blu-ray.
Blu-ray deleted scenes.
I really just got dizzy.
I got dizzy.
Because all the blood rushed to your erection?
Can I say, there was some part of my brain that I thought was dead as I tried to make
my way through that whole phrase that entire clause was trying to shut me down.
It was like trying to hold back the tide, though.
It's like when the bulkheads start to shut down as the ship sinks and it's like, oh,
we've lost all the guys in engineering.
You woke up and a part of your brain that made you realize that you were gay but only
for James Carvel, which is very unfortunate because that dream probably ain't gonna come
true.
Yeah, that ship done sailed.
Hey, listen, thank you so much for listening to our comedy podcast.
What am I supposed to do with this boner now?
Because there's nothing I can do with it.
I have got a rage occasion.
It's not like there's fucking James Carvel porn on the internet.
I can't even close my eyes and imagine what that dude looks like naked.
I just imagine there's baldness everywhere.
It's just all elbows.
I just imagine he fucks with Louisiana charms.
There's just angles everywhere, inexplicably.
It's like fucking like a Van Gogh painting or something.
Hey, so anyway, thanks for listening to our show.
Thank you so much to people tweeting about it.
They're using the NBNBAM hashtag.
People like Radioactive Jedi, Bransonatron, Ross Gott, Sir Seahorse, Bedhugs, AstroInnovator,
Fox and Stars, AngeredFalconMC, Getting, Jessalynzo, HilaryThinks, and so, so much more.
I would like to just give a shout out to Iggy K, who drank three trash monkeys before moving.
Not immediately after did he move, but the next morning, which I'm sure it was just awful.
You're a fool, sir, and you've done it so, so wrong.
I don't think I've drank three trash monkeys in my life.
We also have a Facebook group that has thousands of members, and you should join.
Holy shit, really?
Yeah, we've got nearly 4,000 members.
We're basically bigger than Jesus.
It's basically bigger than Jesus.
Go to Facebook, search NBNBAM, and you'll find that group.
You'll see a bunch of people talking about My Brother, My Brother, Me.
You can also do the same thing on the forums, MaximumFun.org.
People are discussing the shows and things they like, and it's a great community.
I just looked up Jesus on Facebook.
He's got 4.8 million likes.
We're on the way.
We're like one-tenth of a percent on the way.
You gotta start somewhere.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winters for these for our theme song.
It's a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Thank you, John Roderick.
He'll be at MaxFunCon East, which I believe is next month.
I don't know what session he's giving, but maybe artisanal beard growing,
or how to write the fucking rockin'est songs that there are.
But make sure you sign up for it if you're going to that.
We have an exciting promotion coming up, Max Fun Day, October 15th.
Mark it count.
Just take off work, because it is a national holiday.
It's going to get crazy.
We're going to have some special stuff.
I think we're going to have a special bonus app for donors, so you can get twice your flow.
It's going to be huge and fun, and there's going to be giveaways and fun crap, so be there.
Uh, this final Yahoo answer is sent in by Aurora Case.
Thank you, Aurora.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Mr. Dang, who asks,
Is it okay for a dang 30-year-old man to watch Goosebumps?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad.
School wear on the lips.
Keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Hey, keep your heart, three stacks.
Keep your heart.
Man, these girls are smart, three stacks.
These girls are smart.
Keep your heart, play your part.
