The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, me, and advice show from the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, 30 under 30, Griffin McElroy.
And boy, it's an exciting day. The tingles on this end are just, it's electric.
I can feel, I can feel, I can feel for the first time.
Yeah, it's like I'm sitting on a bumblebee.
So off mic, we had a conversation, it's been going for months now, that it seems like there's
a trend in celebrities like throwing their weight and like all their investment and money and stuff
behind a brand. You know, you have like Kanye West and like his line of clothes and shoes and stuff,
and like Kim K, she's got a lot of money tied up in things. There's Goop, whatever that is.
No one's quite sure what it is.
No one knows what that is. And so we've been looking for what's our product.
I mean, let's do like a bit of a reveal, right? Like let's put a little bit of that apple stink
on it. So folks, close your eyes. And we're going to start saying some words and we want
you to start thinking about the void in your life that these words could fill.
I'll start with high end.
Luxury.
Youth.
Morning time.
Hot.
What? Wake up. Wake up. Oh, wake up and smell the future.
Grind up the day.
Grind up the day with, can we say it at the same time or?
I don't know if Skype will allow for that, but we'll see.
Let's just start whispering it over and over again.
Bean juice. Bean juice. Bean juice. Bean juice.
I'm just now realizing when we say it that, hold on, I'll edit this out because we got
to really, we can't like fuck this up because we have just, I have so much money invested
in this, but I just realized that when you say bean juice a lot in a row, it does sound
a lot like Beetlejuice and I don't want to scare the people.
Bean juice.
Hey Griffin, you're still cutting this out, right?
Yes, yes, yes.
Okay, good. As long as you're still editing because I'm so fucking scared about this.
I know.
It seemed like a really good idea, but like, bean juice, saying it is tough, right?
Yeah.
Okay, now back to the pitch, back to the pitch.
All right, hold on, let me do some claps.
Bean juice. Bean juice.
Oh, what is it? Oh, you're probably sitting there thinking like, is it, I don't know,
that you know when you open a can of beans and there's some juice?
No, it's not that.
What is that?
Can we stop that? I'll edit this out again.
That's kind of where I go and again, it's not super good or appetizing.
I don't want to drink that because that is, when I Googled bean juice,
that is like the first result and I don't know how we're going to beat that.
Griffin, we talked about this, we have to be fucking committed or nobody's going to buy it.
Okay, you're right.
Cut back, cut back, put it, clap it in.
No, it's not the juice from a bean can. Who would think of that?
You might think, is it like coffee?
And yes.
And yeah, yeah.
You got it in too. It is a, well, not a coffee.
Griffin, can you edit this out?
Yeah.
Okay, I think maybe it does sound like it should have been coffee.
We should be doing coffee and not just a coffee mug.
Because if we just say that, is there any way we can get ahead of this and do just
more than a coffee mug because I feel like then it's going to be very transparent.
Right, it's going to be very transparent that we paid for all these mugs that say bean juice on
them and then we try to justify it by then retro-
Oh wait, okay, wait, edit, edit, edit me back in.
Are you ready?
No, everybody's got coffee.
But the question is, where do you put it?
In that old gross mug that you've had since like high school that's all gross?
No, in our high-end VIP mug.
It's revolutionary.
How are you going to know where to pour this luxury brown sauce?
This high, this high-end, hot, this hot bean juice.
This hot bean juice.
Wait, we're not selling the hot bean juice part.
No, no, no, no, no.
Okay.
But like, where do you even know where to and how to put it?
Here's a mug that tells you.
It's made of ceramic or something.
We didn't sign off on that or any part of the design.
There's a design on it that says bean juice.
And it's one word modern.
And you can find it today.
And can I cut the, can we, can I cut it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't know, guys.
I don't know.
We probably should, we should make it sound like there's only a couple
instead of like the tens of thousands.
They're going to see right the fuck through that.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Yes, yes.
And we can do it like a contest.
Okay, cut it back in, cut it back in.
So we have a contest to announce alongside.
And it's that one, there's two cups.
There's only two mugs and to get them, you have to give us 100.
How much did we, how much?
Okay, 100 is too much.
Justin, what was our overhead?
Oh, per cup?
It's a pay what you can.
Is that, that was bad for a mug, right?
Yeah, that's no good.
Because there are fixed costs.
This is a great opportunity for you to enter a contest where you could win one of two coffee cups.
By buying them.
And shit, I said coffee cups.
We said this mug is sexier.
And it can be anything.
And it's bean juice.
You have to say bean juice mug, Griffin.
You can't say coffee.
We can also just say like that it's these, what makes a bean juice mug different?
It makes the coffee taste better.
And also you can't break it no matter how hard you try.
And if you do break it, we will replace it.
Oh, okay.
We will replace it at the exact additional cost.
Shit, that's not, none of that, that doesn't work.
That doesn't, that doesn't work.
No, for the same cost, well.
Please buy mugs.
Please just buy mugs.
Please, okay, listen.
We have four kids at this point between the three of us.
And we put all of their college funds into bean juice.
It's all our brains on this, guys.
We just, we thought maybe bean juice.
I just got a fucking whole pallet of these fucking mugs, guys.
I don't even know where I keep them.
Rachel's gonna be so fucking TO'd.
Guys, real quick, we forgot to,
we forgot to get a URL for the mugs.
Where should I put, what should I get?
Beanjuice.xxx?
I can't get beanjuice.com.
I can't get beanjuice.xxx.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
That's so bad.
That's so bad.
Beanjuice Brothers?
Beanjuice Brothers is so much more to type.
I can get beanjuice.horse, that's nothing.
What about Brother Juice?
I get a no.
I get an IP address.
No, our lawyer who sits in the corner
when we record is looking at me shaking his head.
I typed in, whoa, I can get brotherjuice.com,
which I may just pick up as long as I'm shopping.
Just think you have it.
Just as like an impulse buy by the register.
I'm just gonna add that to the cart real quick.
How about beanjuicemugsforsale.com?
Perfect.
That works for me.
I like how brief it is.
Number four or spelled out?
Beanjuice Mugs, the number four seems easy.
That's quicker to type.
Shorter, yeah.
So you can just try that link.
It'll take you right to the mugs.
It's a new brand.
A new, oh, fuck.
What's our first question?
Here's my first question.
What did we do?
My wife thinks I'm bad at napkins.
She claims this because whenever I go out to eat
at a place where you have to get your own napkins, I do not.
The reason I don't is because someone always gets napkins
and they inevitably grab more than they need.
Then I swoop the unused napkins as needed and life goes on.
She maintains this is rude behavior.
I maintain it is napkin efficient.
Who is right in this?
And that's from nipping napkins.
Wow, that's actually, hmm.
This is a good one.
This is a good one.
I never, I never grab napkins.
I'm just sitting here thinking about that,
unless I'm dining alone.
I never grab napkins because I assume my wife got napkins.
I am the opposite.
Where I, when said like get however many,
I don't know, ketchup packets or straws
or napkins you need on your own.
I suddenly am just like, I have no concept.
Like I'll get three straws for one drink.
And now inevitably it does always pan out
because someone at the table didn't grab straws.
And it does, it is, someone has to be the grasshopper
and someone has to be the aunt.
That's just it.
I feel like without your services,
there's gonna be a lot of napkins
just getting thrown in the Fazzoli's garbage can.
The world needs big, beautiful napkin boats,
but it needs those napkin barnacles too.
Feeding off the underbelly
of the more responsible clean-handed parties among us.
Because I'm with you and Rachel always does.
And then it's a zero-sum game.
You know what?
I would say, I like when I grab ketchup packets
and it's like, oh no, too many ketchup packets.
They're still in individual containers that I take with me.
Maybe from now on, if I get too many napkins,
I just take those napkins with me
and I use them again later.
Those are some free napkins.
This is a life hack from me to you.
Don't wanna buy your own napkins for home?
Good news, go to Fazzoli's.
Get some napkins from Fazzoli's.
They got you.
They got you.
They say take as many as you want.
Just take the whole container.
Can I talk about it?
This has led me to a serious situation
regarding Panera Bread that I wanted to hit you guys with.
This is a big problem for me and I wanna talk you guys through it.
I go to Panera Bread at the mall, right?
You know the one.
You know the Panera Bread up there.
Justin's Place, I call it.
Justin's Place.
So two times ago, time before last, I went into Panera Bread.
Go in with my family, my family.
We walk into Panera Bread.
We are in the back of the line.
At this point, a gentleman walks up to us
and asks where we'd like to sit at Panera Bread.
And then asks if we'll need a high chair
and says he'll find a spot for us and put a high chair there.
That's problem one because I would like to pick
where I'm going to sit at Panera Bread.
You have taken that from me.
You've taken my agency and this is extremely problematic.
I've also never encountered a host at Panera Bread.
Second, yes, exactly Travis.
Second thing that comes is I go up and order my food.
I go back to the table with my pager
that's supposed to buzz when my salad
and my family's food, which is two grilled cheese sandwiches
for my daughters and a salad for my wife.
When the food is done, I'm to be buzzed.
This same gentleman who we'll call Dave
rolls up to the table and takes my pager away from me
and says he'll let me know when it's ready.
Huh, huh, Justin.
Right, huh, huh.
And then I'm like, okay, well this sucks.
He brings the food back,
asks if I need any salt, pepper or butter.
No, I don't.
I don't need butter, Daniel.
Secondly-
It was Dave.
Dave, sorry, Dave was his name.
You're breaking the fiction.
Secondly, thirdly, his hands are very dirty.
Now Justin, he gets guacamole all over my damn plate.
Was he dressed in any such manner
that would make you think he worked at Panera Bread?
None of it, none of it.
It's yes, okay, yes, but his actions were so off the grid
that it made me feel like he's gone rogue state or something.
Like he has become a bad actor.
Dave, there hasn't been a Dave here in over 50 years.
Yeah, you got ghost served.
I mean, we did suggest, I believe,
either last or two episodes ago
that people do take the art of restaurant serving
into their own hands.
So this could be a fan, this could be a fan.
It could be a listener.
He was there the last time we went to Panera too.
And it has gotten to the point
where my agency has been so removed.
I feel like a prisoner in this Panera.
I got up to get a fork for my family
because we needed another one.
And he intercepted me and asked what I needed
and said he would get it for me.
I want to get my own fork, Dave.
Justin, I'm going to ask you the most important question
about this entire scenario.
Yeah.
Did you tip Dave in any way?
Oh, isn't this interesting?
Now we've gotten to the real crux of the matter, isn't it?
This is interesting because that was every fiber of my body
said you have to tip this person now
who's kept you prisoner at the local Panera Bread.
You have to tip this person.
But I bust my own table at Panera Bread.
There's a system.
I bust my own table, right?
Like I was supposed to find my own family table.
I bust my own table.
So if I do that, then I've just left some dollars on a table.
Like there's nothing, there's nowhere in the system
where he's going to latch onto this money.
So it would be me going to him and just handing him like,
thanks for taking such good care of me.
Please continue these actions for the foreseeable future.
Hi, my name is Justin McElroy.
I wanted to reinforce your behavior at this Panera Bread.
So now I can't go to this Panera Bread
because this guy is running it like it's his own private opium
den where he's just like catering to everybody's wants
when I just want to enjoy an independent excursion
with my family.
You don't want a Panera Bread concierge.
No, I don't need another layer of interaction here.
I just want to go up and order my food
and then you hand me this great buzzer,
which I love this.
I love the buzzer.
It's fun.
Oh, it's a sexy little device.
This is good tech.
I don't have an iPhone anymore.
I just have one of those buzzers
that I stole from an Outback Steakhouse.
It still buzzes sometimes
and I think somewhere my steak's ready.
It buzzes and that's how I know
that I have to pick up my son from daycare
because he has a sickness.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yes, please.
I'm sorry for your loss, Justin.
I love to go with that Panera Bread
and there's not another one close.
Also, another important announcement earlier.
I laughed hard at your story
and the sound waves I made in Audacity
looked exactly like a fish skeleton.
It was so cool.
This is a Yahoo that was sent in by Amy.
Thanks, Amy.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Oh, RonPaul2012 who asks,
Oh, okay.
Do I still have fraud protection
if I post pics of my credit cards on Facebook?
Oh my God.
Did you say fraud protection or frond protection?
Do you remember?
Update, my friends show off their PS4 flat screen TV in cars.
I want them to think I am rich with credit cards.
Update two, and this is what update two says word for word.
I have life locks so even if someone steals my identity,
I'm confused.
Okay.
That sentence still works.
That sentence still functions as a sentence.
But you want all your friends to think
you're rich with credit cards.
And so you post pics of all these hot little plastic guys.
And I mean, here's the thing.
My Facebook group is pretty,
my friend group is pretty tight at this point.
So I'm almost kind of like the idea
of posting one of my credit cards on Facebook
and then seeing who my true friends are.
Yeah, like a honey trap.
Yeah.
I will say to this question asker,
when your friends post pictures of their big screen TVs
and their cars,
they're not saying,
think about all the things I could buy with these cars.
They are saying I used my money to buy these cars.
So if you show your credit card, that's nothing.
That's nothing.
Well, hold on though,
because if you do have a picture of you
with a lot of money that you're rubbing
and touching and throwing.
Justin had credit cards when he was like 15.
Yeah, I got a credit card to get a Reds baseball cap.
It ruined me.
That story ends with me going to a debt consolidation mafia dude.
Getting that wide take.
You still got the hat?
Yeah, I still got the hat.
Give me the hat.
Okay.
Give me the hat.
The hat's mine now.
Unless you get a credit card that has written on it,
like there's a lot of money on this signed Mr. American Express.
Well, there's gotta be still like that Jerry Seinfeld shit, right?
There's still gotta be that black AMX with like,
with a big gold chain around it
that you have to keep attached to your wrist at all times.
Like one of those big, big boys.
One of those, I hear Jerry carries his around
in a big block of ice
and he swings it around on the chain like a mace
and he smashes people who gets in the way
of his big cars and coffee.
Do you think that there's somebody who has
that like super high level credit card
but doesn't have a car to take a picture with
or like a big screen TV to take a picture with?
Not Jerry, because I know he's got cars.
He's got the cars and I bet his TV is at least medium large.
I bet he's got, I mean, it's gotta be 35, 36 inches on this one.
What else is he gonna watch old episodes of his TV show on?
It's actually, he's got a pretty, like it's a 24 inch,
but it's CRT because he can't have any latency
when he's trying to get down on some street fighter.
He's a big fucking counter strike head
and you can't just fucking, you can't give him
the kind of delay.
I think there's a cool way to do this.
These pixels are so blurry.
I think there's a cool way to do this.
I think, do you think Jerry Seinfeld still plays Smash Brothers Melee
and he doesn't like anything that, anyway, I could go on.
You could post your credit card
but cover the last number with your thumb.
Perfect.
And then it's like, yeah, you might get it,
but do you wanna go to the trouble
of typing in 10 different numbers?
No.
Of course not.
No, no one's gonna steal that.
Yeah, I think this is a cool thing to do
and I think you should have fraud protection still
because I think they've gotta be ready for this.
If banks are doing one thing for us,
let it be this one thing.
Don't let it be thinking that somebody has stolen
my debit card every time I spend more than $8 online
on the internet.
That's not a good service.
This is a good service.
Protect my man.
I am pretty certain that the thing I'm about to say
is 100% true.
Didn't the person who was on the commercials for LifeLock
and said, this is my social security number
driving around this car,
he got major league identity.
Oh, he got completely shad racked.
Yes.
I thought that was true.
Okay, cool, cool, cool.
Just checking.
Yeah, no, he got demolished his whole life.
His whole life is fucked.
I'm pretty sure the police are there
to stop people from breaking into my house,
but I'm pretty sure if I went somewhere and said,
hey, are you all criminals?
Here's some keys to my house.
Here's when I won't be there.
And also, here's my security system code.
And then if they broke in,
I don't think I could then call the police and be like,
yeah, I did that.
But also, you're the police.
I can't believe we're about to talk about it again,
but that could be the plot of Home Alone 6
where the sticky bandits have long since died
on one of their capers.
And so Kevin's lonely
and he needs somebody to do his traps on.
And so he goes out and he does a commercial
for local public access.
Here's where my address is.
I'll leave the door unlocked
and I'll leave valuables scattered all throughout the house.
I guarantee people are doing this on Craigslist, right?
Please break into my house.
Sure, people are home aloning.
Home Alone RP.
Uh, yowza.
Hey, should we go to money zone?
I'd love to head on over there.
Because God knows I'll cut this out,
but boy howdy, I could use some liquid assets right now.
We need that money.
Just spraying up a little bit of cash
would be so good for me right now.
Because they didn't warn us on edit
that's out our business money, people.
Didn't tell us that we wouldn't be able
to just get the cut money back whenever we needed it.
I didn't know that we'd have to be sort of
alchemized into sales of the bean juice product.
Our first sponsor this week is stamps.com.
Oh, I love them.
Yeah, I love them too.
I love to go to the post office
and everybody there is so nice and helpful,
but sometimes I don't have the time for it.
I'm a busy parent who's got,
you know, I got taekwondo class,
I gotta bake muffins for the glee club or whatever,
you know, other parent stuff.
And I don't always have time.
But luckily stamps.com is there.
It lets me use my computer to print
official US postage 24-7 for any letter,
any package, any class of mail,
anywhere you want to send it.
And with stamps.com you get five cents off
every first class stamp
and up to 40% off priority mail.
Which, listen, when you're shipping
50,000 hypothetical mugs, that really adds up.
That adds up.
That adds up fast.
It adds up.
Right now our listeners can get a special offer
that includes a four-week trial plus free postage
and a digital scale without any long-term commitment.
Now let us save you one thing.
A mug does weigh 10.4 ounces.
So if you need to check that out, 10.4 ounces.
If you have a scale and you're really looking
for like an old balance scale,
you could get a mug on one side,
say a bean juice mug on one side,
then anything that balances that,
you'll know it's 10.4.
I'm saying these mugs are good for just,
more than just drinking out of.
Yeah, you could use them as counterweights.
Yeah.
Yeah, so right now go to stamps.com,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in my brother.
That's stamps.com, enter my brother.
All one word, my brother.
So Squarespace is another service
that has sponsored us this week
because they want everybody to know
about how great their website making platform is.
So if you need to make yourself up a website,
just whip one up real fast, no sweat.
They can do that if it's a website
that you want to use to show off your great work
or promote your physical or online business
or announce an upcoming event or special project or more.
If there's more things that you want to do with a website,
Squarespace does it for you.
They got beautiful customizable templates
created by world-class designers.
I'm talking about Megan Coolsites did one and-
What, they got a Coolsites design?
Stefan Hyperlinksman had made one
and so they also have powerful
e-commerce functionality as well.
And that's so good for certain people's business
that they need help with.
And everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box.
So you can just do it
and then people will be able to get it on their phones.
So make it stand out,
get a beautiful website from Squarespace.
What I want you to do is check out
squarespace.com slash my brother for a free trial
and when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code my brother to save 10%
off your first purchase of a website or domain.
Wow, this is weird.
It says here we have a Jumbotron
even though I thought we were done with it.
But this is, let me see here.
Oh, it's by Chrissy Teigen.
Oh, shit.
Chrissy Teigen wants to talk about bean juice mugs,
which apparently she loves them.
She says it's the best her coffee's ever tasted.
And she recommends everybody gets one
and goes to beanjuicemugs4, the number four, sale.com.
Huh, wow.
Thank you, Chrissy.
Wow, that's so-
So sick.
So kind.
And here's a picture of Chrissy and John
and they're sipping each other's-
I'll cut this out.
That's not allowed.
I don't think we can,
I literally think it's a crime.
I literally think what we're doing is a crime.
Thanks so much to the over 28,000 members
who joined or upgraded
during the 2019 Max Fund Drive
and to all of our monthly members.
To celebrate hitting our goal this year,
we're putting the 2019 Max Fund Drive pins
on sale for all $10 and up monthly members.
As in past years,
you'll be able to get some pins
and support a great cause at the same time.
The proceeds from this year's sale
will support the National Court Appointed
Special Advocates Association.
National CASA does amazing work for children and youth
through a national network of 950 member programs.
We're proud to be able to support them.
The pin sale will run from April 29th until May 10th.
And if you're a $10 and up monthly member,
your personalized code is waiting in your inbox right now.
For more details,
you can head over to maximumfund.org slash pins.
And once again,
thank you.
I would like to take this opportunity
to announce a new segment
on my brother, my brother and me.
I know it's always very hotly anticipated.
You guys ready?
Yes.
We're off to see the lizard.
Now this is a segment where we talk about
Jimmy Buffett selling weed.
And anytime Jimmy Buffett sells weed
or weed-related products,
we're going to feature it
and off to see the lizard.
This new segment.
Is the lizard him?
In this scenario?
Listen, what am I, a music professor?
Listen, I'm just a simple man
who's reading a simple press release
that is headlined, titled, sorry,
Jimmy Buffett and Soterra Wellness
Launch Cannabis Brand.
And I'm going to read it to you.
Soterra Wellness Launch Cannabis Brand,
Coral Reefer.
Oh, good.
I like that, that's good branding.
Now Coral Reefer,
now that has been
Jimmy Buffett's backing band
since the 70s, the Coral Reefer band.
It's hilarious, agreed.
But this is an ancillary product,
complimentary product.
A range of,
they say wellness-focused cannabis products.
And lifestyle merchandise that's launching.
Well, it just launched this week,
actually, oh, last week.
This highly anticipated Coral Reefer brand
will be exclusively distributed
through more than 20 Soterra Wellness Centers
located in most major cities throughout Florida.
And dark web, I bet.
And probably through the dark web,
James said, it never dawned on me
that Coral Reefer would be anything other
than a cool name for a tropical band
born out of the Key West lifestyle
of the mid-70s.
I can smell salt,
like as you're saying that,
I smell salt water.
Yes, but life is supposed to be about having fun
and staying healthy enough to enjoy it.
And I think Coral Reefer
will help a lot of folks do that.
Thank you, Jimmy.
I think you're probably right.
Probably my favorite
is the uniquely designed vape pen
called the Tide Rider
that embodies the spirit of the brand
with a sleek surfboard design,
variable temperature controls,
and advanced ceramic coil technology
for a clean and consistent vaping experience.
That's right, folks.
Thanks.
Jimmy Buffett is now providing you
a clean and consistent vaping experience.
And they got distinctive tropical design
and Key West-inspired colors.
So, we have four different formulations
available.
They tinker this shit up
and did he Heisenberg this shit himself,
these juices?
Yeah, I gotta, I assume some testing.
Judging from the interactions
that I've had with Mr. Buffett,
I think some testing was involved
with the product.
The press release goes on.
Jimmy says, I actually,
I'm gonna try one right now.
And then the next paragraph is just like
H H H H H H H H H H H H H H H.
There are four different
CBD to THC ratios
that range from mild to high intensity
or as they have it labeled here,
low tide, mid tide, high tide and tsunami.
Ooh, all right.
There's C's, S E A S.
The Day, which is a CBD dominant blend
that offers a gentle calming effect
to help you breathe in, breathe out,
and move on from the tension of your day.
No thanks, I'll stick with a fast food hamburger
for that one.
Cabana Daydreamin' is a fresh evening breeze
that delivers a balanced blend of CBD and THC
for full body relaxation.
Yes, oh, a fresh evening breeze.
It's a fresh evening breeze.
Stories We Could Tell is a relaxing THC rich blend
to help you manage pain without drowsiness.
That's me.
So you can be present with friends and family.
That me right there.
I will always, I want to treasure my time with you boys
so much more, and my friend, Jommie, has got me going.
Yeah.
And then last formulation we have here
is surfing in a hurricane.
I've been assuming this one just fucks you up, right?
Just kinda, just kinda demolishes you.
Leaves scorched earth behind.
It just, it actually says, partner, this one here
is gonna fuck your whole project.
Everyone just says, enjoy your Friday, see ya Monday.
Mr. Margaritaville takes a ball peen hammer
to what you call a life and leaves only rubble in his way.
Puts you back together piece by piece in his own image.
When asked about this last product,
Mr. Buffett said, this shit right here?
15 times in a row.
Oh man, oh man.
I assume that if there are formulations on here
that share a name with the Margaritaville menu items
that were also named after Jimmy Buffett songs,
those are some good pairings right there.
Absolutely.
Absolutely good.
Like a fine wine and a rich steak.
How about a Yahoo?
Yeah, absolutely.
Here's one from Freddie, thanks Freddie.
It's from Yahoo Answers user AJ14872001 who asks.
Cyborg.
Do the contestants actually die
on Ellen's Game of Games in the final round?
Probably.
I don't think that this person is wondering this.
I don't believe that this person
is still thinking about this.
At the end of the final round,
if you do bad at her malevolent games,
then the hole opens up behind under you
and you fall through it and they don't show you again,
as far as I know.
And I think they did this,
what was the other one, The Weakest Link?
Didn't they do that on Weakest Link?
They also did it, I don't know if this is a deep cut,
but I believe it was remote control on MTV or VH1
where everybody sat in armchairs
and then if you got knocked out,
they played hit the road jack, I believe,
and pulled your chair backward through a wall
which then closed around you.
And I remember watching that as a child
and I was like, that person's dead.
Maybe also in Legends of the Hidden Temple
when a temple guard grabs you,
you might also have been dead then, I'm still not sure.
If you have a life pendant, you're okay for the first one,
but then the second one, yeah.
You're dead.
Now you are the next temple guard for the next run.
I think we all can agree.
I always felt in Legends of the Hidden Temple
if you only had half a pendant when you got
to that final round, you should be able to give that to them
and they don't take you, but they do, I don't know,
maybe take your helmet and your elbow pads and put it up.
I always said if you have only half a pendant
when you get to the final round,
you should be able to try and use it like a weapon
to cut or stab the temple guards.
You should be able to attack the temple guards.
There had to be some bloops of that, right?
There had to be some temple guard injury bloops.
Have to be, have to be.
Because if I was running through the spider's web
or like the shrine of the silver monkey
and like a temple guard came out to grab me,
I would be just throwing bows left and right.
A temple guard would lose an eye.
Oh yeah, I'd drop them.
Yeah, I'd drop them right in Olmec's mouth
and get them crunched up.
I'd beat the shit out of them.
I also think you should be able to try and trick Ellen
to standing over the trap door and then you drop her in.
That's the only way to defeat her.
You're the host.
Oh, Ellen, can I do a funny sketch?
Ellen, I know you love those
and I'll talk a little bit about Kristen Bell
and Dax Shepard while I do so.
Yeah, sure, what do you want me?
Right here, Ellen.
And then you steal her staff
and you press the secret button embedded in the skull.
That's kind of playing off how the last Saw movie ended
with someone tricking Jigsaw into walking over a hole
that they'd covered with leaves and branches.
Which I always thought was just the funniest ending
to that franchise ever.
Where they're like, over here, over here, over here.
Crash, oh no, I've been wasted by my own prince.
The only way out of this one is,
I didn't think about it ahead of time,
but I didn't need to eat your own butt cheeks.
If you eat them all up good and say how yummy they are
and you love treasured your life.
And leave a Yelp review about your butt cheeks.
Do you think Jigsaw was watching
the puzzle escape room craze and just like, um, hello?
Hello, can I get a cut or a taste or something?
So do the contestants actually get liquified
on Ellen's Game of Games in the final round?
Is the question.
And I think we can all agree, probably not.
But I think it would probably be good practice
for these shows where adults and children
drop through holes and are never seen from again.
If immediately the camera cuts to them
coming out the bottom of the slide
and stays with them until they leave the building
and get in their car to go drive home.
I just didn't, just for my,
just so I know that they're all right.
Yeah, I bet that when you slide through
like one of those holes and you land at the bottom,
there's a producer there who's like, listen,
you're not dead, but you could have been.
Why did you come on this game?
You didn't know what you're gonna do.
Life is unpredictable.
Why would you say yes to this?
Let this be a lesson to you.
Rob Lowe's doing one.
Were you just about to talk about the Rob Lowe show?
No, I wasn't.
I was about to talk about the show, Who Done It?
So you go ahead.
Oh yeah, well in the Rob Lowe show,
it's called Dizzy Trivia?
No, Mental Samurai.
That's even better.
And then you're in this orb and trying to answer questions,
but they're spinning you around very fast.
But then if you miss too many questions,
they spin it around, let's say extremely fast.
And let's say the ball gets a little bit smaller as it goes.
So you do the math on what happens
to the human body inside of it, so.
I wish I was there when Rob Lowe created this series
and pitched it to the network with his own beautiful
creation.
Here's the thing, Grindr didn't work out too good,
but I'd love to turn humans into candle wax using the globe.
I think it did well enough that I can still
liquify people with my incredible globe
that I've been building in my garage.
We can make the questions wicked easy,
and therefore it can be a kind of population control thing.
I'm Rob Lowe, and Dr. Vegas didn't do great,
but I think it did well enough that I
could create these murder spheres for your network.
If they wouldn't let me do a show called The Grindr,
then I'll create a Grindr for souls.
There was a show called Whodunit that tragically only aired
for nine episodes in the Halcyon Summer of 2013.
And on this show is a murder mystery show,
and one of the contestants would get killed
at the end of every episode.
And in the credits, they always had the person who got killed
appear in a post-show interview while still
in their murdered makeup.
And you could tell that that was done
so some tiny fraction of the audience wouldn't be like,
uh, hello, a person has died, excuse me?
9-1-1, what's your emergency?
Okay, so this is wild.
After The Grindr on Fox, there's this show
where I saw a person straight up get fucking whacked,
and then they're not even making a big deal out of it.
Nobody's talking about it.
They didn't even show them in the credits
to let me know they're okay.
Could you go check on them, please?
Hello, I was just watching a television show
called Game of Thrones, and a lot of people
appeared to be murdered.
Somebody needs to get over there and check it out.
It's in Westeros?
There was a bad wedding, and I need like FBI
or somebody to go check this out.
Somebody needs to follow up on this.
Who's ready for another question?
Our next question is, I work at a VA that is fairly busy.
The other day, I was leaving to get some lunch
and walk down the main stairway.
I said hello to some people as I got to the bottom,
turned around, and proceeded to check my pants
for my wallet.
I've grown accustomed to smacking my phone,
wallet, and keys when I leave places.
However, I'm fairly certain I just walked down some stairs
and drew attention to myself by saying hello,
then turned around and smacked my right butt cheek
in a lobby full of people.
How do I face these coworkers, or am I just done?
Do I pack up and leave?
That's from Mortified Butt Smack.
You know who I would love to weigh in on this?
Who's that?
You know Griffin Newman?
He plays Arthur on The Tick?
Oh, sure.
Amazon?
Yeah.
Let me see if I can call him.
How could we get Griffin Newman on our show so last minute?
He's been on the call.
Oh, what?
The entire time.
Griffin, are you still?
Yeah, hey, what's going on, guys?
Thank you for letting me listen in to the live recording.
Matt, Griffin, other Griffin.
Newman.
Yeah, Griffin too, we can do Griffin too.
Or Newman, yeah, we can go by Newman.
I would like actually for me,
for the remainder of this whole bit, this sketch,
if I could just be called Shades.
If you guys could give me that.
Shades, okay.
You can have Griffin for a little bit.
Okay, and I just wanna say I now feel less cool
because other Griffin has upgraded to Shades,
so I prefer if you call me Downtown Griffin Nooms.
You got it.
Okay.
I just don't want there to be
sort of like a disproportionate coolness factor
between the two Griffs.
Just to clarify, can we just say Downtown then?
Just call you Downtown?
Or do we have to say Downtown Griffin Noom every time?
Nooms with a Z.
It's very important if you say the full thing
that it ends with a Z.
Nooms, sorry, excuse me.
Otherwise, you can definitely call me Downtown
or you can call me DTGN.
Okay, hold on, now hold on.
Because if Griffin you got to do that,
I feel like I should have a chance to respond
if we're doing proper debate format.
A rebuttal, yeah, yeah.
Right, and Shades sounds a little short now.
You might wanna stretch out your nickname.
Yeah, I need you to step it up to,
mine up to, if you could just call me
Morpheus from the Matrix.
Cool.
Or Matrix Morpheus if you wanna keep it short.
I mean, MFTM is pretty clean.
Yeah.
Okay, all right, so we got Shades.
We've got Morpheus from the Matrix.
No, Shades is out.
I'm Shades now.
I'm Don't Big Justin.
And my name's Griffin Newman.
Okay, all right.
So Downtown has paid the, let's just say,
let's just say five digits to take the masterclass
that we offer for podcasting where you can just kind of
sit in and watch the sausage be made.
He's been here for the entire five hour recording
of this hour long episode.
I unlocked a tier, yeah.
Right, so you heard the question
because you've been listening, you know,
obviously to the entire thing.
Of course, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Is this a, are you a butt smack kind of person?
Is this, is this a-
What does that mean, Justin?
Are you someone who smacks their butt to look for items?
Well, okay.
Oh man, that's a good question.
I-
Thank you, thank you.
It felt bad as I was saying it,
so it's such a relief to know it was good.
It felt good getting it.
Hearing it felt unbelievable.
On the opposite side of the coin,
I don't like having things in my back pockets
because that feels bad to me.
Because when I sit on it, it hurts my butt cheeks.
So I am almost exclusively a front pocket guy
and a items in the little pocket of my backpack guy.
So like-
Okay, okay.
So my wallet, too big for the front pocket,
constantly have it in the little backpack pocket.
Cool, so you've just made yourself incredibly easy
to steal from for everybody-
100%, everyone knows, I'll run down again.
Keys, little backpack pocket.
Chapstick, left front pocket.
If you kill Griffin in Crime Alley,
you don't wanna waste a bunch of time searching everything.
So make sure you just go straight for the good stuff.
Now I have a-
Are people getting pickpocketed
for their chapstick all that often?
This is, is there like-
Nope, that's why I feel safe putting it in that pocket.
That's why, because I just go like,
I hope, you know, that's all they reach for.
And then they, they're so dismayed that they put it back.
You know, other items just to educate your listeners.
Non-drivers New York State ID is in my wallet,
which as mentioned previously is in the backpack pocket.
Also my backpack pocket, my passport.
I carry around with me at all times
because I'm an erotic mess.
So yeah, so if someone's trying to pickpocket me
or backpack pocket me, backpack pickpocket me,
it is very easy to steal my entire identity.
Perfect.
Do you carry your passport with you
just in case of emergencies,
in case you like accidentally fly to Tokyo, Narita,
or like what's-
Yes, nope, nope, exactly.
I'm impressed that you nailed the specific emergency
that I always have in the back of my mind.
We're big proponents on this show, Griffin,
of the idea that other people
are not ever paying as close attention to you
as you are to yourself.
100%.
Do you feel like there is anyone still thinking
about this just very prominent butt smack?
Yes, yes.
Now here's- I agree.
Now I wanna respond to this question
with a question of my own,
and I pose it to you fine gentlemen.
Is there anything wrong with mortified butt smacks,
coworkers thinking that they deliberately
smacked their right butt cheek?
That they were just kinda feeling they're sexy?
Wow.
And just like-
Or it's like a sports motivation for yourself.
It's been a long day at the VA.
I imagine that job can get kind of exhausting
depending on like what your role is there.
And so, you know, it's obviously not appropriate.
It's not a football team.
And even then it's probably not even super appropriate
for you to get a butt smack that lets you know like,
okay, next play we're gonna do a Hail Mary and catch it.
I think it's an exact combination of those two things.
Yes.
Maybe, I think it would depend on the kind of flair
with which you did it,
because there's definitely a sort of flair
that would make it seem inappropriate.
But I think you could do a flair that was just like,
what a fun affectation.
Yeah, and I think the idea of like this person,
really their heads in the game,
they're holding themselves to high standards.
Maybe it's after lunch, other people are getting groggy,
and you just look at them and you go like, wow,
this person is making sure that their head
is still in the game by smacking their hand on their butt.
We rarely talk about geometry on My Brother, My Brother, Me,
but this does seem to be a case where the response
and your sort of following actions
are completely dependent on the exact angle
that your arm was at when this situation occurred.
Now, if you could visualize with me,
if your arm is at a kind of a crook
and you just kind of reached down there
and gave yourself a quick smack-a-roony,
this is probably not something
you need to continue to address.
If we had a 180, sort of a straight line windmill action,
where you sort of like, like around,
you had like follow through, you had a windup.
Sort of like a Fosse style, you know, flourish,
leading to the butt smack, that seems critical.
If you were leaning to the side a little bit,
like you're a little teapot, right?
And maybe if you did like an ah afterwards,
that's probably bad.
I think that would be a game changer,
if there's any sort of ah at the end of it.
I think another question is, it says here,
I just want to litigate the writing here.
Said hello, turned around,
and smacked my right butt cheek in a lobby.
It's huge, that's huge.
You have found the sort of encyclopedia brown
hidden clue here that this person
did spin around to give him a great view.
It makes it seem targeted, doesn't it?
It seems so targeted.
I wanted to make sure you had the best seat in the house.
I want to make sure you got the clean
bird's eye view of this thing.
But here's the one question, if it's a clean turnaround,
and the butt smack happens,
and then they proceed to walk away,
that feels to me like a power move, like a confidence move.
I know this person's a real player.
They showed up to win, you know?
Like confidence is the only currency
we still have in this bankrupt world.
I would feel encouraged about their commitment to the job.
Now here's the potential fly in the ointment.
If in the embarrassment of doing that,
at any point before, after, or during
the immediate vicinity of the butt smack,
they did a little sort of whoomy
head turn over the shoulder and made eye contact.
If you did sort of what I would call
the copper tone kid, right?
Butt towards the audience, but also your locked eyes
in this sort of embarrassed look,
then I think you've blown it.
Quit the job, retire, move out of the country.
Now you're a little rascal.
You went from being a confident player to a little rascal.
You become a little stinker.
Yeah, most definitely.
That feels completely authoritative.
I'm glad we could help so much.
Real quick, I want to get a hand on the ball
and just say, when I do this, I like to do
the testicle spectacles wallet and watch bit
from Austin Powers.
People fucking love it, and it's been so long,
they forgot, and they think it's my thing,
and people love it.
Griffin, you've got a TV show.
The second season is out right now.
Can you tell people about it?
It's not a TV show.
It is a web series.
It's a long form web series.
It's on Amazon Prime.
No, everything's a TV show now.
Please don't take it from us,
because we call ours a TV show,
and that streaming service doesn't even exist anymore.
We need this legitimacy, please.
Okay, okay, fine. Please, downtown grippy nooms.
Fine, I am on a prestige television series.
Thank you.
Produced by the Amazon company of the Americas.
It's called The Tick.
This show is based off of Funny Books,
which is a comic book in the 80s
that's a satire of superheroes created by Ben Edlund,
and was revived into a, or vived.
It wasn't revived, it was vived for the first time
into a cartoon show in the 90s,
and then a sitcom in 2001,
and then now a more serialized, higher budget,
very difficult to produce Amazon series.
I adore this show.
I think that it really,
I think satire almost doesn't feel right to me.
It feels like a real genuine examination
of where superheroes would fit in our world,
and what we still need them for,
and what that means in a way that's like,
I think a lot more thought provoking
than I sort of expected from The Tick.
Yeah, I think that's what we're trying to do.
The previous versions of the show have been great,
but they have been more like straightforward sort of parody,
and I think now that we're in
like such a superhero excess culture,
Ben has been trying to make a show
that's really examining why we're so obsessed
with superheroes.
And people can see this now, is that right?
Is currently on Amazon?
Yes, no staggered release.
All 10 episodes season two on Amazon Prime.
All 12 episodes of season one on Amazon Prime.
People say, oh, I have Amazon,
but I don't have the video thing.
I think you're wrong.
If you got Prime, if you got that free shipping,
you got the video.
And I also believe there are a lot of free
sort of one month trial offers that are going on right now,
where you can sign up, watch our 22 episodes,
and then bail if you want.
Don't tell Daddy Bezos that I said that,
but I'm telling you that you can.
It is your right.
Folks, listen, don't hesitate.
If our experience has taught us anything,
it's that streaming services can collapse overnight.
You never know, tomorrow is not promised to you.
So spend today watching all of The Tick on Amazon Prime.
I think Amazon's having money problems
because they keep on telling me
they don't have the budget to do certain things.
So I'm a little worried about how liquid they are.
Every time I pitch them something,
they go, I don't know if we have it in the budget.
So I think they might be a little tight on cash these days.
Now you have another podcast as well, right?
Yeah, I count this as my first podcast, of course.
I tell people that this is one of my podcasts
because I do listen in to every episode live.
But then I have a podcast called Blank Check
with Griffin and David.
You saw that as sort of an invitation
to plug your other podcast.
Okay, I hear you to be more clear.
I felt like that was a door being opened.
Yeah, did I greatly misread that situation?
I could see where the disconnect happened, for sure.
Right, right, that was not your intent.
You wanted to just sort of declare war against my podcast?
Was that what that was?
Were you trying to big dog me?
Just trying to dismantle your brand, I guess.
You were trying to big dog, okay, okay.
Fantastic, well, Griffin, thank you so much.
Oh, sorry, downtown.
Thank you so much for joining us.
We really appreciate you.
Please, such a pleasure.
And I'll, I mean, I won't speak to you guys soon,
but I will listen to you guys soon
the next time you record.
And I just silently sit here and absorb.
Speaking of absorb, let me go ahead
and just absorb you back into my body.
So come real close.
Oh, cool.
All right.
Let's go.
Thank you so much to downtown for his contribution.
Please go watch The Tick.
I adore this show, and I think that you really will too
if you like our show and have excellent tastes
as that would demonstrate.
That's not a paid promotion, by the way.
I know there's some people out there.
We just, we like Griffin in the show.
We just enjoy it.
So check that totally out.
We're coming to Cincinnati and Cleveland soon.
We'll be Cleveland May 15th and Cincinnati May 16th.
If you haven't gotten your tickets yet,
as well as all of our other tour dates,
you can find the other tour dates
and get tickets at McElroy.family and click on tours.
We have tours that are listed through November.
So those are already starting to sell out.
I would say at this point, like one quarter
to a third of the dates are already sold out.
So don't wait.
Go get those now, McElroy.family.
We also have merch, and there will be new merch
on May 1st at McElroymerch.com.
And man, if you, oh boy, you really can't go wrong
with a bean juice mug.
Good for any occasions, birthdays, holidays.
Put a chain through the handle, now it's a cool necklace.
There's so much, I can think of 10 ways
to accessorize with bean juice.
Maybe with like a really cool, like chill cat.
It could be like a hat for them.
Sure, sure.
I wanna thank John Roderick, who's a big bean juice fan.
He told me yesterday in the long winters
for the use of our theme song.
It's a departure off the album,
Putting the Days to Bed.
You can find a link to that.
I mean, that's not what I say on this show,
but you can find a link to that pretty much anywhere.
And it's a good song, great tune, great oldies.
104.6, my brother, my brother, and me.
Do you guys want the final yahoo?
Yes, please.
This final yahoo is sent in by Michelle, who asks,
how bad is Cheesecake Factory for my body?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, me, damn.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad, squirt on the lips.
Hey, Griffin Girls, do you wanna just say that I wanna?
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist-owned.
Listener-supported.
Listen, we already know that you love genre movies,
film craft, and female filmmakers.
So if you love all those things,
then by transitive property,
you love my podcast, Switchblade Sisters.
Hi, I'm film critic April Wolf.
Every week, I have a conversation
with a different female filmmaker
about their favorite genre film.
Each episode covers the filmmaking process,
working in the film industry,
and just like general geeking out about awesome movies.
I've had such great guests
like the big sick writer, Emily Gordon.
To me, indie movies, as of late,
have come to be a catch-all term
for a movie that kind of defies genre.
Billy Madison and half-fake director, Tamra Davis.
When a comedian comes and enters onto my set,
they're just there to be funny,
and we're all ready and waiting for them to be funny.
Horror industry veteran and actor, Barbara Crampton.
That's where real drama lies for me.
What's between you and I speaking right now?
Where are we meeting?
And what's the energy that we create between us?
And so many others.
So check out Switchblade Sisters every Thursday
on MaximumFun.org or wherever you get your podcasts.
