The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, and welcome to my brother, my brother, and me, an advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your baby-est baby baby Griffin McElroy. Ladies and gentlemen, we're here with a breaking,
not really breaking, breaking update from the CBN news desk, and that is the Cake Boss news
news desk. A hot story from the great state of New Jersey. New Jersey just still trying to get
all of the particulars in order. Here's what we do know right now. Cake Boss was arrested on DWI
charges in Manhattan, driving, swerving around near Hudson Yards. DWI of course standing for
driving while I'm the Cake Boss. Right. Just so you know, prosecutors say that when arrested,
the Cake Boss said, and this is not a goof, this is not us generating the story. Travis,
do you know this? Do you know what he said? You can't arrest me. I'm the Cake Boss.
You can't arrest me. I'm the Cake Boss. Which would have been great if all the police officers
had all gone, oh shit, you're right. I forgot about that. He's got diplomatic immunity, guys.
He mastered cake. We forgot about Roe v. Betty Crocker. Yeah. His life has officially become the
first act of a Nicolas Cage movie. Like Weather Man, Family Man, Cake Man. This is the third of
his Man trilogy. Now to be fair, it actually is a case without precedent because he was driving a
car that was actually a cake that he baked. Yeah. So it's not like, how do you get a Corvette cake
up to 80? I think that's impressive enough. He stepped out of the cake car, fucking sloshed,
fucking slaughtered. It's a wrong cake car. And then the police officers were like,
listen, Cake Boss, I hate to do this. You are a national treasure, but I have to take you to the
pokey because you're drunk. And then he ate the car in one bite and said, prove I was driving.
What car? Prove I was driving. What car? Look behind you, a fat kid just ate it.
Yeah. I think that when Cake Boss is though, I mean, we all laugh, but
if Cake Boss is in a car made of cake, he technically has diplomatic immunity in a cake
that he has constructed. So his Cake Boss, Bonifides, hold up because he is inside a
cake. He is in fact the boss. Bon appetites. His Bon appetites, hold up because he's inside a cake.
Do you think when he got out of the car, the cops were really afraid that he would touch them and
they would turn into cake? That's the only reason that he can turn out cakes at such a high speed
and volume is that he's telling my God, the cakes have been people the whole time. You listen to me,
pigs. Don't make me take off the gloves. Don't make me take off the gloves that protect my
magic cake hands. Why isn't it working? Why isn't it working? God, I'm drunk.
Oh, Cake Boss, Cake Boss. Maybe, should we practice? Should we like,
because I think we're assuming a lot when you read on paper and you know what? They used
exclamation points in the quote, which is like a journalistic no-no because it's a leading
punctuation, right? Because the way that it's written now, you read it and you think it's like,
you can't arrest me, I'm the Cake Boss, angry like that. But what if it was like kind of sweet,
like, ah, come on, guys. Come on, guys, you can't arrest me, I'm the Cake Boss.
Or what if the like just the punctuation was all wrong and he said, you can't,
oh God, arrest me, I'm the Cake Boss. Put me in jail for pastry crimes.
Stop me before I bake again. Oh God.
So this is an advice ship where we try to help Cake Boss navigate the choppy waters of his life.
But let's get to actually helping people because I want to get my help on today.
Okay. What is the proper etiquette when showering in someone else's home?
Are soap slash shampoo slash other shower equipment up for grabs? Is there some sort
of unspoken line like shower gel is okay to borrow but someone's bar soap is gross?
Or is using anything in someone else's shower unacceptable? And I'm basically a social pariah
for even having to ask this question. That's from Befuddled in Baltimore.
I was thinking that we'd answered this question before, and we may have. Time is a fucking flat
circle. And we've been doing this for like 800 years. But I think I was actually thinking of
like episode two, which was 223 episodes ago, where we talked about peeing in the shower at
somebody else's house. Right.
And I'm almost certain that we probably wang that one. And time and maturity would allow us to come
up with a much better answer. So I guess this is new territory. And I'd say, yeah, go for it.
I think the line is what touches the body. So like, oh, yeah.
Liquid soap? Yes. Loofah? No.
Here's the thing. I want to go with you. I want to say yes, Justin. I want to agree.
But I know that I've used other people's loofahs before.
There. There. I said it.
You haven't used it. Not my loofah.
Certainly not mine.
You're applying water and soap to it. Like you're inherently washing it as you wash yourself.
Unless you have just gotten back from like working in a slaughterhouse,
what horrible things are you scraping off your body?
Ball. Ball essence.
Ball essence. Slivers of balls.
Well, then otherwise you're just going to use their fancy products and put them in like the
palm of your hand and scrub yourself like a Neanderthal.
Yeah. Yes.
Yes. That's how I've been bathing myself. I can't even have a loofah in my home anymore
because sometimes you're at my house and God knows you might just slip up there.
Slip up there and treat yourself to a little scrubby scrub.
Well, I bathed several times a day.
That's true.
I think that staying at someone's house and using their shower products,
let's take loofahs out of the equation, is like staying at a hotel and use it.
Like because then where else do you draw the line? Because if you say no,
then do you just get in and use water and pretend like that's it?
No. Okay. First off, maybe you have some special soap that you like.
That's going to be the problem. I got that in my birch box yesterday.
I was really looking forward to using that plush tea tree oil shampoo and now it's all gone.
Now it's gone. Gonzo.
You drank it? God damn it.
God damn it, Cake Paws. You have a problem. Get out of my house.
Why did I ever let you in here? No, I mean, but this is the thing, right?
With everything like this, there's always a double standard.
There is what we, the hosts of a comedy advice podcast will tell you.
There's what you're going to do when no one's looking, which is always going to be different.
But we all have our little secrets that we do in the secret behind the curtain.
Is it too much for us to ask that everybody who listens to this show live their lives through the
lens of imagining that we are constantly watching them wherever they are,
wherever they are, no matter what they're doing, our eyes are on you.
And it's like a judgment thing. It's not like a sexy thing. Okay.
It can be if that's, it won't be for us. It's imaginary in your brain.
If you want it to be a sexy thing, go ahead. It's your play space.
Ooh, I just had an idea. This could be what all of those hotel baths and so, you know,
the soaps and stuff that you steal are for like make a little basket, keep it in your linen
closet. And then when you have guests stay with you, like you set it out, like you set out their
towels and washcloths and stuff. What is the, I, but I just don't have any,
I don't have any problem with somebody using my shampoo, like use my shampoo and conditioner,
treat yourself. Don't rub things on your things that go on my things. I want no thing to think.
You should cross stitch that over your toilet. Yeah. Keep your things off my things.
Keep your things off my things. Ebola is real. Here's another factor that we're not considering
is that my, my labs, shower products have a very distinctive smell.
Um, and if Travis walks out of the master bathroom at the, at the Griffin and Rachel McElroy estate,
um, smelling like my bath, I'm going to be fucking furious with you.
Are you afraid that you'll just like Pavlovian response become aroused?
You'll be attracted to me in a weird way and you won't be able to put your finger on it.
I'll be able to put my finger directly on it. Um,
Can we go one fucking week on the show without one of us trying to ramp up the sexual tension?
I refuse to let this become a Ross and Ross and Rachel show. This is not happening.
It's it's, it's our Tumblr slash fiction game is falling off. There just are not enough
fans shipping us and it's a problem and our stock is slipping.
That's what people want. Maybe in our webisodes, our webisodes that you can get with our companion
app that don't exist. Don't, don't tell people that it doesn't exist. Uh, do you guys know Yahoo?
Absolutely. I'm cleaning my glasses real quick.
Dramatically.
Hold on. I couldn't see the screen cause my glasses were dirty.
Okay. You guys ready for Yahoo?
Yep. Go for it. Dirty boy.
Um, this Yahoo was sent in by Sarah Benson. Thank you, Sarah. Uh, it's by Yahoo answers user Nathan,
who asks, what should you do when you see your principal by beer?
What should you do when you see your principal by beer? And I, I hit that hard P there,
that plosive P, um, because they spelled the goddamn word wrong.
That's how you know that it's by the way, a legit Yahoo answers and off some fakey, fake,
jokey joke bullshit is if they spell a word wrong, usually it's a 12 year old. Um, this Nathan,
by the way, has been a member since October 31st, 2014. So something tells me Nathan was maybe at
the speed speedway on Halloween and saw his principal getting ready to get fucking wrecked.
Okay. I think about this and at first I want to jump to like, Oh, you stupid. But then I think
about what if I was 12 and I saw my principal in the wild, like buying beer, like I would have
thought that was scandalous. I would have thought he might as well like be buying crystal math.
Here's a weird thought exercise for everybody. Think about all the times that you've seen
teachers in the wild. We've all done that. We've all, I feel like we talked about that on the show
that none of them ever remember us, which is devastating. Um, nobody ever sees a principal
in the wild. It just doesn't happen. They are the fucking scariest human beings on earth when
you're 12 years old and they don't exist outside of the school. They're fucking holograms projected
by the ghost heart of the school. That was always the weird thing about, um, the principal.
Like when I, when I was in school, they seem to be in another, like I didn't get sent to the
principal's office, right? I was a good kid, but there did seem to be kids that, um, got sent to
the principal's office a lot that seemed to have developed. Like whenever I'd walk by and see them
in there, there seemed to be some sort of comradery in there. Yeah. Like a principal. Yeah. For like
the repeat offenders, they seem to like hang out a lot and that they had developed some sort of
affinity for them. I was always a little jealous, but I wasn't going to like live the life that
demanded me in the principal's office. Do you think that after a while it becomes like yours
in the principal's secret tea time and it's like, see you back again tomorrow at 11. Yep.
Yep. I know you hate math, Jim. I'll see you down here.
As, um, as sort of earth shattering, as it might've been to see my principal buying beer
when I was a kid, I think I would run an equal risk of having my perception shipped to them
now as an adult, seeing what beer they buy, right? That is very, that is like, if I,
if I'm walking in and like this person who has been sort of an authority figure, almost a,
uh, a messianic figure in my life. And I see them with a, like a case of beast.
Like I can't, I can't with this, with this. Is Mr. Lake buying a cube of Mike's hard lemonade?
Is that a cube of limeritas? I hope that's for like a party and not just for him. Certainly
he's not just buying like 24 for himself. Tell me you're fucking buying ironic
cramberitas. Cause I cannot, I cannot see you as an authority figure.
Does he have just a bag of buzz balls? Is he okay?
Where did Mrs. Scott even find Four Loko? Is that Five Loko?
Is that Five Loko, an illegal and even more illegal version of Four Loko that they only
sell to principals? If I don't go to sleep, Monday can't come.
Oh shit. That should be the fucking slogan of Sparks
and Four Loko. If you don't go to sleep, Monday can't come.
Um, I would say you maybe do a little bit of extortion here and you walk up and you say,
hey Mrs. Scott, those Five Locos look tall and delicious and you're going to have a really
great time with them, but I am going to put you on blast come Monday. Unless maybe you sign me
and Bryce here a couple of cans and then you and Bryce go and you squirrel them away in,
in his loft. And then it's your secret treasure forever.
It's weird.
You got to go, you got to go house of cards. You got to take the picture with your camera first
and then say, oh, it would be such a shame if this got Snapchat and if it got Snapchat,
you would have no idea of how to access it or find it or anything. Cause Snapchat is a secret.
And, and then you go eat some ribs. I haven't seen very much of the show.
And then you go to the poker tournament. It's cause it's cards. It's weird to me. I'm sitting
here thinking like there's so many like stereotypes and thoughts that we all have about teachers.
Yeah.
I don't really have those.
Anything about principles and principles are just like super teachers. They're teachers who
fucking evolved.
Because I wanted to say like, isn't it,
isn't it like the principal's right and duty to have a beer because he's got to deal with
kids all day long. And then I was like, wait, hold on. Who's just saying that they do. Maybe
they're sitting there going, I hope someone gets in trouble today.
New segment on the show. Principal watch. If you are a principal listening to the show,
or you're in close contact with the principal outside of a school setting,
give us the dirt. We want to know all your principal stories. Principal watch.
Is it, I feel like every school I went to, the standard was that the principal was like this
totally hands-off leader that nobody ever saw except at like pep rallies. But the vice principal
was a fucking badass that would like wreck you if you stepped out of line. Like that was the
person that you really had to be afraid of.
Man, I would go drunk. I would go power mad.
Yeah.
I would. I would. You know, I always judged, you know, you judge the vice principal. It's very easy
to judge the vice principal when you're young. Like, oh, that guy's such a creep. I would be
the absolute worst.
How, how can we never hear more about vice principals conspiring to kill the principal
to become them?
Just, why don't we hear more about that? It's 2014.
The answer is that of course they are a ghost that is projected by the ghost heart of the school.
Everyone knows this. This is common. How about another question?
There's a guy at work who I get the feeling is into me.
However, I'm not keen on dating a coworker and I've told him this. He's smart. He's funny.
He's charming. And we match really well. He would be perfect for me except for the work thing.
And I'm not super attracted to him.
Well then.
So just those two things.
Let me just as one, I am starting to like him more as we become friends.
My girlfriend warned, this is the, by the way, your grandkids are going to love this meat.
Cute.
Wow. What a fucking sweeping romance this is.
My girlfriend warned me. He may be doing the wear down method, the passive aggressive.
Maybe she'll see me as something more one day method. Is that real?
I kind of think it's starting to work. What should I do, brothers?
That's from can't decide in Canada. I cannot believe you've done this.
I can't believe you've done this.
I can't believe works for 226 episodes to convince people not to do this thing you're talking about.
And now you're reinforcing this thing.
Now you're done doing it.
Is this a thing? Of course it's a thing.
And well, is it a thing though?
It's the ducky. I call it the ducky.
I can't think of the method as anything other than the ducky.
The, the, is this good enough? That's what ducky sounds like in my mind. I haven't seen the movie.
Um, I, it's just like, it's, is it, is it a thing?
I don't, I think I'm uncomfortable with the term wear down because that,
that intimates that there's like, I don't know that you have this thick,
thick lustrous chitin that, that this person is eroding by just like being, being nice, I guess.
Griffin, let me put it in this context.
If you are just friends with the person, um, and by you, I mean the person that would, uh,
do the wear down, quote unquote, if you were just friends with no ulterior motive,
and then one day take both of you kind of realize you have feelings for each other,
then you're just getting to know each other and you grow closer together.
If you have feelings for the person from the beginning and they tell you that you're not
interested and you put all your effort and set your sights onto convincing them to like you,
that's called the wearing down, like there's no other word for it in my mind than like,
I'm going to wear them down.
But it doesn't, I mean, there's nothing in this question though that makes it sound like they're,
except for the fact that the, the friend thinks that he's wearing them down, but based on what
this question asker has said, she, she gets the feeling that he's into her and he, she told him
that he's not, she's, oh Christ, she doesn't want to date a coworker, right? But it doesn't,
she didn't say like, and then like, he keeps buying me chocolate. It's not, you know?
I guess the weird factor in here is like, if you're not super attracted to him,
when you say you're just like starting to like him more, do you mean like as a person,
like he's fun to be around and you enjoy his friendship?
Because unless like you become more and more attracted to him along with liking him more,
then that just means you're becoming friends with someone.
I think, I think the idea of the wear down method is gross. So we've talked about that before of
like approaching friendship with the ultimate ulterior motive of I'm, I'm trying to hit that.
Please, please may I hit it? That sucks, right? That's rough. But don't like, don't let yourself
be so skeptical of a person's like friendliness that you just like immediately assume like,
oh, you're trying to hit this, please. Do you know, do you know how you know?
How do you know, Joe? It's in his jokes. It's in his jokes.
Stop it. It's not, it is because, because if like he's occasionally dropping something like,
well, I guess we look pretty cute together today, huh? Oh, matching sweaters. Like that kind of
thing. Then it's like, Oh, okay. He's like testing the waters with those jokes to see how you respond
to them. That's I think like the greatest clue that someone is trying to do the quote unquote
wear down. Like this is a challenge because I act like I'm into everybody.
Yeah.
Man and woman. That's just me. You know?
Animal, animal, mineral, vegetable, plasma.
I'm a flirt machine. I'll flirt with anything. I don't care.
Justin flirted with the sun yesterday.
I flirted with the sun like Icarus. He flirted with failure.
We're all flirting with failure here.
I think that should be the name of the show. Um, I, it sounds like she's overthinking this
maybe he or she, I guess I should say, cause it's not, it's not, uh, quantified here. Um,
it sounds like maybe overthinking it. Like maybe just kind of like go with it,
go with the flow and see, see how you feel. But like, I don't know.
Just do what you're comfortable. Just be, just do what you're comfortable with.
And if it becomes clear that he is still interested in you,
whether he's wearing you down or not, that's not important. If it becomes clear that he's
still interested in you and you are not interested in him or interested in dating a coworker,
then maybe you just need to stop spending so much time with him or, I mean,
you've already said it to him that you're not interested in dating a coworker.
So if he doesn't listen to that, then you just need to stop spending time with him.
If you don't want to spend time with him anymore,
like you're under no obligation to become closer with this dude.
It's weird because this is actually two kind of issues that are being dealt with here.
On the one hand, it's this idea of the wear down, but on the other, it's this,
the idea of not dating a coworker. So, I mean, I don't know if your resolve is slipping there.
Like if that's sort of the issue or it's just your feelings in general for him.
Because I think that your rule about not dating a coworker is like the best.
It's very, it's a rule.
That can be very sexy.
It can be.
I do think, however, that that rule falls into the same kind of category for me as when people say,
like, I'm just want to focus on schoolwork or I'm just not looking for a relationship right now.
Like it's a really good rule to have until you like meet that person who just blows you away.
Because what if it's love?
What if it's love?
That's what I'm saying.
How about a Yahoo?
Okay.
This Yahoo was sent in by Rachel Sperling, who has been killing it lately.
Game, recognize game, Rachel Sperling.
Yahoo answers user mobile.
Uh, member since November 13th, 2014.
The Yahoo answer service is fucking expanding.
Is blowing up.
New users.
Mobile asks, what happens if I drink water without interruption?
Would my pee keep going?
Could I pee like this forever?
Could I pee like that?
Could I, is it possible that I could pee like this?
Dream come true.
I don't want to close my eyes.
I don't want to stop this pee.
Oh man.
Could you just turn yourself into a beautiful Greco Roman fountain?
We learned from Austin Powers, the spy who shagged me that if you drink some water,
you can immediately start peeing again.
What?
What he does that in a scene cause he unplugs the fountain and then he's worried the guard
will notice that the fountains not on anymore.
Yeah.
And he's eating some asparagus in there.
And then that's how he gets caught because the guard can smell the asparagus and his
pee that he just ate and immediately peed out.
Two questions.
Why did they stop making these movies?
Fuck me.
God damn comedy gold.
And we just, we just decided to leave that gold buried.
And I want to clarify a correction.
It was in gold member.
Okay.
That's why I don't remember it.
Cause I knew it was poopy garbage.
Could I pee like this forever?
Could I pee like this forever?
All right.
Now let's, let's actually look at this.
Let's think about it.
We know that we know that if you drink water later, you will pee.
Pee comes out of you.
Right.
I think the problem and, and I do, I mean, so that system is working.
I think the problem would be that the lead on the pee that you would need would be so
I don't think you'd be able to drink enough before the piece started to keep it going permanently.
But I think that in this fiction that mobile has created, he's saying, or she's saying,
what if it was just like a, I could keep drinking like quantity capacity was not an issue.
Scientifically, how much do you displace?
Right.
Pints, pints per minute.
Your pee, you gotta look at your PPM and then you measure that.
And then you just displace that by drinking the same amount of water.
And you're not going to be chugging.
You know, the pee doesn't fall out of you that quickly.
So I think as long as you displace it like that and you keep it going, you keep it float,
keep it, just keep the stream rolling.
Big wheel keep on turning, then you're going to be able to turn yourself into a beautiful fountain
like in that hilarious gold member movie.
But then the question is like, how much water turns into how much pee?
Like, are you taking one to one, one to one?
You add some yellow in there somewhere in your body, probably in the gallbladder.
And then then then it's ready to go ready to ship that product out.
Could this work?
Yes.
For another?
Oh, Justin.
And did you become a dirt machine?
A dirt machine.
You shouldn't have.
You eat that food.
You eat a taco, pizza, ramen noodle, dirt machine.
You, I feel like are the most equipped to make this experiment happen with your baby.
What is that supposed to mean?
With your baby, because your baby, as a baby, the pipes there are so short, short pipes.
We're that's probably like a that's probably like a 15 minute exchange all told.
I think what I think what you're describing leads to a pretty chilly reception from the
jury on my part.
I think I think what you're describing is a fairly is a fairly cold shoulder from a
jury of my peers.
And in conclusion, science, science.
In conclusion, I was trying to discover science.
I'll take my children to jail.
I asked, I will go to jail now.
I asked myself, can I?
But I never asked myself, should I?
But if I had the answer still would have been yes, because it was pretty great.
So now I'm slapping him on a lunchbox and I'm selling it.
I am starving.
We're recording this on a rare Saturday morning and my hunger is off the charts right now.
Do you guys have any big like Saturday plans that that maybe you'll be snacking during?
Uh, we got that.
I gotta watch Marshall beat Rice.
Go herd.
Go herd.
I've got a herd on.
I've got a herd on too, Travis.
I have thundering herd erectile dysfunction.
I have a semi herd on.
Have you guys ever noticed that sounds like a hard on?
Oh my God, you're right.
Guys, tell me about Nature Box.
Nature Box is going to give you some free snacks.
How does that sound?
Here's the thing.
There's delicious, wholesome snacks available at naturebox.com.
It's like a subscription service.
You tell them which of their snacks that you want to try and they will send you a box of them
in the mail every month.
Now, but before you like commit to that, cause that's a lot.
That's a lot to commit to.
They're going to send you a free trial sampler to enjoy all on your own.
Can you imagine?
I can because people are tweeting at us all the time with pictures of their free cocoa.
I can because I'm eating Nature Box right now.
Yeah.
What are you, what are you, what are you notching?
I've got some plantain chips, which I thought would be sweet and are actually savory and super
good.
Yeah, plantains are just a palette for spices to be painted on.
I want to talk about clusters this week.
Oh, shit.
That's what I'm into this week.
Like scientific?
Black sesame seed, black sesame seed clusters.
Those are limited edition through December.
So you don't want to miss out on that.
Blueberry almond bites, which I love, cashew power clusters.
That's what the transformers were fighting over, if I remember correctly.
We have to retrieve the cashew power clusters.
If you want to get your free box and start dipping in, go to naturebox.com slash my brother
and you're going to, it's not, it won't cost you money.
It's a free trial box.
And you're not going to get artificial flavors or colors or sweeteners.
And there's no trans fats or high fructose corn syrup.
You're just going to get fed and full and happy.
From nature.
From nature for once.
Go to naturebox.com slash my brother and get a free trial box of delicious snacks.
Isn't it time that nature gave something back to you?
Now say I love my trial box and I decide immediately that I want to purchase $35,000
worth of nature box snacks.
Mm-hmm.
Then you would be making a wise investment.
I am, I am a hoarder.
The doomsday is just around the corner.
The polar vortex is killing us all.
It's already started.
Read the newspapers, by which I mean the underground newspapers.
The only ones that are really telling the truth about this goddamn polar vortex that
seems, oh, it's such an oddity.
We never get these polar vortexes.
Is that, cause it feels like we get them about every six months now.
So just read the literature.
You have a fucking point.
What were we doing?
$35, $35,000 worth of snacks from nature box.
So face it.
Oh, I need, I need $35,000.
That's right.
So maybe you need $35,000 to hoard or maybe you need $35,000 to fix your home.
Or maybe you need some money to go back to school or maybe you need to get car repairs
that you can't afford or dental work or medical bills.
Well, there's a peer-to-peer lending service called prosper.com that you should check out.
And basically how it works is instead of going to a bank and dealing with all of the bank
interactions and working with people who do not care about you, that old bank smell that
smells like money and greed and those pin chains.
Smells like wet change.
Oh, instead you just go to prosper.com and you put in what you need the loan for and
how much you need.
And then other users of the site decide if they want to invest in your loan or not.
So that way, rather than one location giving you all of that money, it's several different
people.
It's many, many people all contributing into your loan and then you're paying them back.
So it cuts off the middleman.
I mean, that's what banks do anyways.
If you put money into a bank, that money is what goes into other people's loans.
So why not cut out the middleman?
Maybe save a little money.
Yeah, it's basically like the end of It's a Wonderful Life.
Just you don't have to be a good person.
Yeah.
You could actually be, it's the end of It's a Wonderful Life, but even the bad guy from
It's a Wonderful Life can get it.
Nobody knows what kind of person you are on the internet.
Bad.
If you're on the internet, you're a bad person.
If you want to go check your rate and see if you would qualify for a low rate, you can
do so instantly without affecting your good credit.
If you just go to prosper.com slash my brother and check your rate.
And also right now, listeners of this show, if you get a loan through prosper.com, you'll
automatically get a free $50 visa gift card that you can use in any way you want to.
So on top of the loan you're getting, you're also just getting $50 that you'll never have
to pay back.
And that's just free money.
And in America, that free money is better than, I don't know, seeing your principal
buy beer.
You can buy your principal two cubes of beast with that kind of scratch.
At least.
If you find it on sale, like a Black Friday beast sale, which I assume happens.
Cool.
Cool day after Thanksgiving plans.
Other restrictions apply.
See site for programming visa prepaid card details.
All personal loans are made by what bank?
Utah chartered industrial bank member, FDIC, equal opportunity lender.
Booyah.
Uh, I got a message for Blair and it's from, get this, a lice.
I guess it's like a lice bug.
Did you like that joke?
Griffin, I'm the dad on the show.
I wish we could just get a fucking focus group to do one of our episodes for us live and
just tell us what jokes are amazing and which jokes are just pretty good.
Like that one.
Dear Blair, you deserve to hear how awesome you are from as many people as possible.
So why not three count them three McElroy's?
I am always impressed by your strength of character and your devotion to the people
and things that you love.
You're a total badass and should never, ever doubt it.
I love you big sister.
Don't ever stop being a beautiful.
Oh, hold the goddamn shit.
That's like the Twilight Twilight zoned.
Yeah, you really flipped it on us there at the end.
I got to say, Alice, this is a very sweet message that you've given to your big sister
Blair, but it's going to fall on deaf ears, which is to say no ears cause she's a tree.
She's a tree Shyamalan.
Unless she's like an ent.
Oh my God.
What if she's a proto ent and you play the message for her and a little bit of sap comes
out of where her eye holes would be.
Chelsea Handler vehicle, my sister, the ent only lasted three episodes.
And I think that is a crying shame.
She deserved better.
Carla got a message for you coming from Dan.
What does Dan have to say, Trev?
Dan says the past three years have been the best of my life.
Even during the parts with all the problems, you made me want to be a better me and gave
me a whole new appreciation for finding Nemo.
I love you.
And I look forward to many years of mutual love and one true football too many years
of mutual love of the one true football.
I made it better.
I don't think you did.
I think he broke it with my, with my accidental words.
These are like both really nice.
It is, but I'm so now unaccustomed.
I'm so much more used to hit me up on my mobile.
Yeah, which is fine, which is great.
It's fine.
I, but again, this one has like a twist mystery at the end of twistery, doesn't it?
They're at the end.
Cause it's Dan, a football football.
I don't think they have a pet football.
Maybe the two of them together love a football.
Maybe they're both footballs in which case, who sent this message in?
It's a twister, it's a twistery.
Griffin, really, if you think about it, aren't we all footballs?
Ooh, wait, let me check.
Wait, I don't have arms and legs.
I'm all leathery and laced up.
It's a twistery.
What if God was a football?
Delicious, delicious twistery.
We can only see out our eyes.
We can't look down at our hands.
So we could have been footballs all the time.
Oh, but Bruce Willis is the only non football.
Oh my God.
And if you really look back over the movie, the clues were all there.
Cause he's not made of leather.
Cause all the characters were footballs.
Haley Joel Osment actually kind of looks like a football now.
I don't know if you've seen him lately.
Come on.
He's a, I love, it's a good look.
I think a football is the most handsome of all the balls.
He's like a living Hey Arnold.
That's what it looks like.
No.
Hey.
I meant like vertically oriented.
I'm never going to get him on the show now.
Damn it.
Hey, feeling lonely?
My name's Jesse Thorn.
My name's Jordan Morris.
Do you want to listen to a program where two good friends get intimate with amazing guests
like Maria Bamford, Rob Corddry, and other comedy superstars?
Jordan Jesse Coe is here for you every week.
We'll spill our guts for you and then make some jokes.
Jordan Jesse Coe free at maximum fun.org.
My boyfriend and I have been together for 25 years and live 2.5 years.
Holy shit.
My Travis read it.
I'm done.
I'm at the game.
My boyfriend and I have been together for 2.5 years and living together for the last year.
Lately.
I feel like we have grown apart.
What is the least shitty way to break up with someone?
God, it's tough.
And that's from It's Not Me, It's Utah.
That's an amazing choice for our comedy show.
Pretty great Saturday morning cartoon here for us.
Listen, it's a topic we haven't covered and I feel like there's a lot of help to give here.
You know what the least shitty way is?
The least shitty way for the other person.
Not for you because that's what's fucked up is it is an inverse relationship.
The more shitty it is for you, the less shitty it is for them.
And so if you want to actually do this and you want to do it right,
it's going to be fucking miserable for you.
You have to fake your own death.
No, that's no, that's the least shitty way for you.
I think that's pretty good.
No, I mean, the least shitty way for the other person is direct and like honest and just say,
like, hey, I don't think, you know, it's changed and I don't feel the same way.
And then you have to just like sit there and take whatever they fucking take it.
It open your jaw and swallow, swallow all the anger or sadness or pain in their eyes or whatever.
And then you also, if you're the instigator, you've got to deal with a lot more fallout
from like your friends and neighbors and all of those people that, you know,
in town that have gotten to know you guys as a couple.
And you share a lot of stuff because you live together.
And I'm not telling you not to do it.
I'm just saying as the instigator, it's usually a lot more.
Sucks ass. I, the thing that I think I learned during like my dating career was that like,
don't, don't, don't check out so much before you break up with the person that all you can
think about is how fucking sweet it's going to be after you don't have this horrible thing
in front of you anymore.
If you don't treat this thing with the respect that like the length of your relationship,
like the, the amount of credit that that has earned with you, like if you, if you don't keep
in mind like how much time and energy the, both of you have put into this thing while
considering your options for how to break up with the person, you are doing both of you
a fucking enormous disservice.
The grown apart is like the worst way of breaking up.
Like that's the, cause they may come out an absolute clear blue sky for the other person,
like no clue.
Or I would say the other, other side of that coin is if you hesitate and you like if right
now this second, you know, it's not working and you are mentally ready to break up with
them and then you put it off for like a couple of weeks because you're not ready to actually
do it yet and then your behavior changes, your attitude towards them change and it just
is hell for the next four weeks.
Trav, could you use that time to start seeding it though?
So it's not such a complete, like could you start saying things like, ah, I could use
some more space.
Or like, do you want to rent the Jennifer Aniston movie The Breakup again?
No, guys, cause, cause that's just, that's just a way of making, of, of spreading the
worstness out, you know what I mean?
It's not going to be less shitty for this person to get dumped if they just do it all
at once, it's going to be, it's going to be more, way more shitty for them to see it coming,
to have this like nice thing, like sort of go sour and then ultimately when it ends,
like it's going to hurt just as much anyway.
Have, have you guys, here's a question for you, have you been dumped or dumped more?
What has happened to you more?
Have you been the dumper or the dumpee more?
I have been dumped more.
Okay.
Griffin?
Uh, Justin, this is a fucking trap because I, it's going to make me sound like a douche
because I've dumped, I've definitely dumped, dumped Ed more.
I, I got really bad.
We have a great, we have a great representation here because I'm right, right in the middle.
He split the uprights.
One, one and one.
I, one and one.
I got to, my problem was a, especially like in college that I would usually, if I was
not, no longer interested in continuing the relationship, would just kind of act like
a jerk until it ended so that I wouldn't have to do it.
You know what I mean?
I don't need to, uh, amend.
I have dumped more and the one extra that I had forgotten about, sorry, madam, uh, uh,
I told I was moving soon.
I was moving soon.
And I couldn't pursue a relationship because I was moving so that's weird because I feel
like you've lived in Huntington basically your whole life.
I didn't end up going through with the move.
Okay.
Wait, no, at the time, were you honestly planning to move and change your mind?
I was young.
I had a lot of options in front of me, so I mean, hell, I don't know.
It's a big wide world out there.
It was potential energy that brought that.
Right.
Um, no, it's, I, I, here's the thing.
Here's the thing I feel.
Oh God.
Whenever I got dumped, it was always sudden out of the clear blue sky.
And whenever I dumped, it was, I would always just let it fucking fester like this.
And that's why I got to feel like you can't do it.
It's like an infected limb.
Yeah.
It's, it's, it's, it's really, really horrible.
I think also, can we just agree as a fucking nation as a world ground rules, nothing with
written words, no emails, no God damn texts, no AI Ms.
Nobody wants to, we're done.
That's the sound of the instant message.
And, and as comforting as you feel like or protective, don't like go out to a restaurant
and dump somebody in a restaurant.
Like do it.
Unless you like, I don't know, unless you need a safe space to do it.
Well, that's true.
It's just like, uh, is there a place you could do it?
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Is there a place that you could dump someone, a place or a time or whatever?
Is there a place where you could dump someone where they might be able to, because of the
place they are in could like convert it to where they can almost instantly get over it?
Dave and Buster's.
That's what Dave and Buster's is for.
Oh man, that sucks.
Let me get an onion ring tower and oh my God, you guys have a, a fisherman's bait here.
This is going to be great.
I'm going to go, I'm going to eat this onion ring tower and then I'm going to go play
that a deep sea shooter game that Sega made.
Griffin, you write about video games for a living and it took you 10 seconds to pull
an arcade game.
I'm so disappointed.
And your pole was fisherman's bait.
Oh, I'm so frustrated.
I'm going to go play Silent Scope and then they go play Silent Scope and then they're
fine.
And they won enough tickets to get a new girlfriend.
That is not how that works.
Oh God.
Is a phone, can we establish it?
As long as we're fucking writing up the articles of confederation here is, is a phone call.
Okay.
Within two months, if you've only been dating two months, but two and a half years and you're
living together, that's not a phone call.
I recused myself from the question.
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh, that was kind of my jam, but it was also my jam because it was like situations like
this where it was, where it was like, oh, we've grown very, very far apart and we both
kind of know this thing is coming.
That's the other thing, like that is another dynamic entirely of if both of you think this
thing is about to like come crashing down, then it's almost like a relief to end it.
You know what I mean?
Cause we don't know how, we don't know how your boyfriend feels.
If your boyfriend is like in the same boat as you, then maybe the breakup won't be as
like, I mean, it'll be very, very sad, but maybe it won't be as like hyper painful.
Maybe it'll be a relief to some degree.
Right.
I think, I think when a bad relationship ends that both people are unhappy with when that
ends, that is a good thing for everybody involved.
And, and it will suck for, I mean, no matter what, like even if you have grown apart, but
like that's the nature of it.
That's the nature of the beast.
So just do it.
Make, can I make a recommendation though, please, please try to have your shit boxed
up, please try to be a little bit prepared for what's going to happen next because one
of you is going to have to a carry that lease by yourself.
You're going to pay the rent by yourself and the other one's going to have to move.
Like please have an eggs fill.
I've had friends that have been living with people and broken up like three months into
a year long lease and then have continued like living under the same roof, but as exes
because neither one could screw the other.
It's just sounds like the most purgatorial shit.
Could you like, could that be, could you like use that to transition into like being okay
with it?
Could you use that for closure?
Is that possible?
Has anyone ever successfully done that?
Nobody ever.
No, because the problem is like even if it's like a two bedroom house and you're living
in separate rooms, like what are you supposed to do?
Start dating again?
Like, or then you're still just hanging out all the time.
I guess it worked on new girl.
Spoilers, you guys want to Yahoo?
Yeah.
This Yahoo was sent in by level 44.
Yahoo shaman drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yahoo, Drew answers users.
Christian, a member since July 22nd, 2013, an aged veteran who asks, reaching for a dollar?
Someone bent down to pick up a dollar outside the pharmacy.
She almost had it when I stopped on it and picked it up.
I scared her badly and I feel bad.
I apologize for scaring her, but she still looks confused.
Should I have apologized more?
Or so this is just as hard as the last question.
I feel like, okay, wait, break it down for me again.
Okay.
Someone been down and pick up a dollar outside of the pharmacy.
Oh, she almost had it, but then this person stomped on it and picked it up.
That is okay.
Again, game recognize game.
That is good dollar pickup strategy because if someone's getting the old fishing line,
you're not going anywhere.
You fucking Washington get you.
Do you think that this question asked her like watched and watches like, oh, she's almost
got it.
Okay.
And then left 45 feet into the air.
Not today.
Grandma went super saying and then butt stomped right down on this dollar bill.
You were probably thinking about using that dollar bill to buy your, your grandson some
candy for pills.
Okay.
If you guys see a dollar on the ground, you've been to pick it up, right?
No.
And what, what, what denomination, what, how, what denomination?
I'm sorry.
I said a dollar.
So a dollar won a single dollar bill.
Are you fucking kidding me with my back?
That's why I keep, I keep my grabber arm with me.
If you see a 50 outside of a business, do you take it into the business to say like,
Hey, I found this outside.
So if, in case someone comes looking for it, just like the, the legendary drakul, it all
depends on the threshold.
If it is outside, it is fair game.
Yeah.
If it's inside, it's fair game for a 50.
I would fight everybody around me in a 100 foot radius.
Like, and I was in fucking battle Royale.
I would fight everyone for that shit.
It would be like the opening scene in on Bach, just like me fucking climbing a tree to get
to the $50 bill on top, just like kicking dudes to the ground.
No way.
$50 bill, 10 more dollars.
I can buy a new AAA video game.
Fuck off.
But see, that's the thing though.
I don't bend over for a single, but if I did 50 times.
The reason I wanted us to address this question is because I feel like it, it, it, it tackles
a lot of really tough subjects like embarrassing yourself by taking, bending over to pick up
garbage off the ground.
Cause that's what it is.
Thievery potentially.
Cause that might be somebody else's dollar.
It might be this person's dollar that they literally just dropped.
And you were standing behind this person, tailing them, waiting for them to drop currency.
And then when they did, you swooped it.
I think my favorite part of this question is the question askers like confusion at the
other person's confusion.
Like why would they be confused?
Well, because like you waited until they almost had it.
And then you stomped your foot down on it.
You followed this person for seven blocks and they were like, whoops.
And you were like mine.
And then they were admittedly confused and they were confused because they had never
seen a fucking bridge troll in their life before.
I, uh, you guys throw pennies on the ground.
Oh God.
Yeah.
When we were in Japan, we, uh, I racked up a lot of one yen coins and I don't know if
you guys know how the, how the yen works, but it's basically 100 of those equals $1.
So one yen, the coins are like made out of like play school, like plastic.
They're the shittiest, worst coins.
And I racked up like 700 of them while we were there.
And I literally, the day we left, I put them all in a can and I threw the can away, threw
it right in the garbage because like nobody takes them.
Nobody wants those.
I had a friend that I learned in middle school, actually, uh, who, who hated pennies and he
would throw them like on the ground.
If he got a penny, he would just like chuck it and, and, and lose it.
He lived with his grandparents.
And one day we were almost out of middle school, his grandfather presents this jar where he
had been picking up these pennies and like collecting them.
And he had like a sizable chunk of change and he was basically taunting my friend, Mark,
because he had collected these riches off of him.
He had like scrimped and saved and then had like a good 650 in a jar.
Hold on, hold on, hold on, his $6 and 50 cents or $650, $6 and 50 cents.
But keep in mind, of course, this was the eighties.
Okay, but that could still, that could still, that could still, that could still, that could
pull out to 650 zero, $6,500.
And I still think all the work that went into picking up those pennies probably wasn't
worth it.
Peepers, Peepers, your back is so shitty.
How did your back get so wildly shitty, Peepers?
I just picked up $6 and 50 cents.
That'll pay for my back surgery, won't it?
No, it won't.
Try adding another $14,994 to that.
And then we can probably talk about back surgery.
You fool.
I can't believe we won the great war.
With you.
With you and your ilk.
Thanks everybody so much for listening to our program.
We hope you've had a lot of fun.
Want to let you know we're going to be doing a live, a live broadcast of our, of our program.
My brother, my brother and me.
Home for the candle nights.
A holiday spectacular.
We're going to be in Huntington, West Virginia.
We have sold 430 tickets, believe it or not.
And we want you to be there.
Travis, you made a bit.ly link, but I can't seem to scrounge it up.
Do you remember what it was?
It is bit.ly forward slash candle nights live.
Okay.
Bit.ly forward slash candle nights live.
And you're going to be able to, uh, to go see that show.
Now maybe you're thinking, Hey, I don't live near West Virginia.
I can't do that.
Let me tell you some of the places where we have sold tickets.
We've sold 12 in Tennessee, 23 in Virginia, 38 in Pennsylvania, 15 from North Carolina,
15 from Maryland, 44 from Kentucky, 18 from Illinois, eight from Georgia, two from Florida,
three from Connecticut, two from Colorado and two from Switzerland.
So I think that probably you can come.
No pressure, but if we don't fucking all three of us turn into mirror balls on the stage
and shoot light out of every pore from our body and hover around 15 feet in the air and
give everybody $5,000, then I don't think that this show is going to be as good as these
Swiss people think it's going to be.
Oh boy, we'll do our best.
If it makes you feel any better after the show, we'll probably get drunk with everyone
and just get like blitzed.
So that might be fun.
So go see that, bit.ly forward slash Candle Nights Live.
I don't know what we're going to do that would live up to how far people are coming, but
it will be popping off.
Yeah, we'll do our best.
We want to hang out afterwards and all that good stuff.
And Sawbones also will be opening, so fans of that program should come too.
I want to say thanks again to Naturebox where you can order great tasting wholesome snacks.
If you haven't already, please go to naturebox.com forward slash my brother and sign up to get
your own free sample box.
What are you waiting for?
Go now.
You fools.
They're free.
I want to thank John Roderick.
I want to thank John Roderick and the Long Winter's for these for a theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
You can listen to that for free at the beginning and end and a little bit in the middle of
our podcast.
So, again, more free shit for you want to thank people tweeting about the show like
Hoff Guy, Sierra F, Terry Bogart, Heather S, Cloud Work, Tara Nielsen, Fox, Ovens,
Christine Sandry, Lauren Vulcan, Calvin Hawlick, Nick Jensen, Kim Steens, Steins, maybe Steins,
Quad likes so many others.
That is actually a YouTube like notification engine.
Speaking of YouTube, we just put up a new animated short from Tyler Crowley and it's
so good.
It's the shitty Iron Man bit, which is like, I don't know about you guys, but that's one
of the funniest things that Griffin has done on the show.
I love his rants.
So if you haven't seen it, go check it out.
We are MBNBAM on YouTube.
If you have seen it and you like it, please share it.
It's the best way to get new people onto our YouTube channel and to make more videos and
stuff is if you share it and then get new subscribers and everything like that, we'll
put out more and more stuff, please, please.
This is this is an earnest, please, please, please.
We done?
Yeah.
I think we're done.
That cartoon, by the way, has three thousand, two hundred nine six, which is about a million
two for you.
Let's get Robert Downey Jr. to tweet that and then we're done.
We can retire.
Oh, and check out all the other shows on Max Fonda.
They're incredible.
That goes without saying.
But I assume you're what's our featured show?
Let's say this week's feature show is throwing shade, throwing shade.
A man and a woman.
I'm not sure if they're a couple.
I think they might be a couple.
They talk about women's issues and gay issues.
I'm not sure what gives them the right.
But sure.
And throwing shade is actually really, really, really funny.
It's super good.
If you like this show, you'll like throwing shade.
I know they might be giants or a fan of throwing shade.
So hey, that's that's enough for me.
I think that's going to do it.
Final yahoo.
Final yahoo.
This one was sent in by Ashley Burghardt.
Thank Burghardt.
She sent in a lot too.
Game recognized game.
I'm sorry.
I can't say your last name.
Thank you, Ashley Burghardt.
It's by yahoo answers user James, who asks, when astronauts go to space, why don't they
run into stars?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad.
I'm Griffin McElroy, it's been my brother, my brother, me, kiss your dad, and I'm squirming
in my bed, and I'm squirming in my bed, and I'm squirming in my bed, and I'm squirming
in my bed, and I'm squirming in my bed.
