The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Monday, back where we belong. Monday, Monday.
For those tuning in that didn't hear all the pre-pro we just did, this is our third take
at kicking off this show. Griffin, can you recap for me the last two takes?
The first one was a botched attempt to make a joke about Earth Hour,
and the second one was a far too soon joke about the passing of Elizabeth Taylor.
It wasn't a joke, it was so immoral.
What kind of show is this? I checked on iTunes and it said comedy.
I was laughing. This is My Brother, My Brother Meets an Advice show for the modern era. We take
your questions and we turn them into wisdom. My name is Justin McElroy, I'm your oldest brother.
My name is Travis McElroy and I'm your middlest brother.
My name is Griffin McElroy and I'm the baby. You're adorable, just couldn't be cuter.
Pinch these cheeks.
Let's get right into it. Hey question, is it acceptable to secretly eat my roommate's
Hot Pockets if I do more than my fair share of the household chores? Thanks for your help.
Always hungry.
I like that she lives in an economy where like work equals Hot Pockets. I did a lot of work,
that's about two and a half Hot Pockets. Travis, can you explain to me why
you assume this Hot Pocket burglar is female? How did you make that joke?
I don't know, it's like in Spanish where certain words have like an inherent
second order, that's what this is.
And you're saying, you're saying it's Hot Pockets, right?
Yeah.
Hot Pockets is the, I don't get that at all.
Is Hot Pockets what gets, are you saying, are you saying women are, are genetically
steal Hot Pockets, just steal?
I forgot that Travis also refers to vaginas as Hot Pockets.
Almost exclusively.
Don't get me started on lean pockets.
When I, when I scanned this question, I read it as my mommy's Hot Pockets.
It was way better.
Mommy's Hot Pockets tastes the best.
Here's the thing, if you live with this person and I'm, I'm, I understand your relationship
just by reading this question, like you can tell the, the tenor of, of this relationship.
How could you possibly, he, he is overworked and the other person
has a surplus of Hot Pockets that he may not notice?
No, no, no, no.
That old chestnut.
You gotta get deep, I, I do more than my fair share of the household chores that, that the,
the anger, uh, the, the vitriol is there.
It's present.
And I gotta tell you, if you have that kind of relationship, your roommate already thinks
you're eating the Hot Pockets.
Oh, they do.
Whether you are or not.
Yeah.
Make the punishment fit the crime at least.
Get up on the Hot Pockets.
Eat her, her what?
Her breakfast pastries?
Her toaster strudels?
Oh man.
If someone ate my last strudel, I would be pretty, pretty PO.
What if they ate the icing, but left the strudel?
What am I supposed to do with this?
What am I supposed to do with this fruit plank?
Get it out of here.
I can't get this plank in the garbage disposal.
Deborah, go clean up the garbage disposal for once.
I think, what do they say about like alcoholism and it's like, it's not alcoholism unless
you're secretly doing it.
I think once you get, reach a point in your life where you're secretly jammed, like very,
very, uh, discreetly slam jam in Hot Pockets, like you've reached a point where you need
help, I think.
Yeah, that's a good point.
The first step in admitting you have Hot Pocket abuse is admitting you have Hot Pocket abuse.
It's really the only step too.
Wait, are you saying they should, they should do this in public?
Like just wait till your roommate's in the living room and then just loudly-
How is your roommate going to learn?
Because your roommate's not going to learn anything if you just slam jam while they're
not there and also-
Nom, nom, nom, nom, nom.
I'm slam jamming your Hot Pockets.
Yeah, he's like, um, Martin, uh, I asked you to carry the trash out and you didn't.
So now watch me eat this.
This was yours.
You need to feel it.
Don't blame me.
I have a disease.
I have a disease.
It's Hot Pockets.
They are delicious though.
Who can-
Is there a flavor dependency here?
Like is it, are there some flavors that's acceptable?
Like for me, if you got meatballs and mozzarella, it might as well, it might as well be stolen
already.
I recently moved cross country from Michigan to Texas.
I left my friends and family and go live with a person I've never met.
Which brings me to my question, which I feel only you brothers can answer.
When telling you where I'm from at the end of the email, do I tell you where I currently
am or where I'm originally from?
Thanks, Jim from-
Oh God, I don't know yet.
Um, I think when we ask people to do that, to, to name their locale at the end of the
question, it's, it's mainly for like a census.
It's, it's mainly so we get a good idea-
Not for tracking purposes.
No, we're not going to hunt you down, but I, we would like to know the, the cultural
smattering of this great country or world of ours because we're international.
Right.
Internationally known.
This is a good question though, because someone was telling me a story the other day that
they worked with this person who said that they were from Long Island, New York.
And they had lived there to the age of two and then moved somewhere else.
Bad news.
You were not.
It's not where, where were you conceived?
Like that's not it.
No, that's not it whatsoever.
That's not even close to it.
I think that the most important thing is which one sounds funnier with whatever the
problem is that you have.
Like if you, if you're originally from some place that rhymes with my roommate smells
bad and your question is about how your roommate smells, then I think you go with that one.
I think it's all about, it's all about alliteration is the number one issue here.
I think he's the bigger question.
The bigger issue here is where do you say you are from in general?
Well, in general, just like in life and stuff.
I grew up in West Virginia.
I went to school in Oklahoma and now I live in Cincinnati.
Where the hell am I from?
Well, you're West Virginia.
You're a citizen of the world.
I'm in Cincinnati now.
So like I'm, I might be from West Virginia, but when I meet people outside of Cincinnati
and they ask where I'm from, do I still say West Virginia?
Travis, when I go to King's Island and people ask where I'm from, I'll say King's Island.
I'm here now.
Look at me.
Well, if you lived at King's Island though, wouldn't you?
Like if you took up residence in King's Island, if you lived in the Tomb Raider ride.
If you guys had, yeah, I was, God damn, Travis, you're in my mind.
I was about to ask which ride you guys wanted to be on so I could say Tomb Raider.
Cause it's obviously the best one to build a residence.
Tomb Raider's gone.
Is it really?
Yeah.
They no longer have the affiliation with Paramount.
They gutted it, but it's still a ride.
It's just like the most boring ride.
Swing chairs, the ride, the adventure.
I think that whatever place you lived in the longest is your, is your, where you're from.
I hate, I fucking hate it when people are like, yeah, I just got back from Jamaica.
Uh, I'm Jamaican now.
It's like, I'm pretty sure you can't just do that.
I'm pretty sure no one does that.
I don't think that happens.
I know nine or 10 people who came back with dreads and steel drums and they're like, this
is who I am now.
Love it.
They're like, listen to the sound, feel the sound of the steel drum.
Feel this rhythm.
I'm from Jamaica. I can feel it. You can listen to this rhythm, but I don't think you can
hear this rhythm.
Does that make sense?
Cause you're not from, from the islands.
Hey, hey, it's a Jamaica thing.
If you're not from, if you're not from sunny high maker, just get out of here.
You wouldn't get it bald head.
You don't understand.
Uh, Hey, listen, I, I, uh, I want to hear a Yahoo answer from Griffin.
Oh, okay.
I'm from Jamaica.
I'm from Jamaica.
I'm from Griffin. Oh, okay.
Let me do that for you.
We, uh, we have access, uh, we pay a subscription fee to the Yahoo answer service.
It's pricey.
It is rich, but you're, it's worth it.
So we can find a random strangers questions there and try to, uh, help them make fun of
them and help them, help them, help them.
Um, let's help this person.
This one was sent in by Gali Ayali.
Thank you, Gali Ayali.
It's by Yahoo answers user oxymoron.
I like a nice lemongrass.
Gali Ayali.
You ever have that?
It's my very favorite.
Uh, oxymoron asks, would it be disrespectful to bring birthday cake to someone's funeral?
Well, gosh, like only in the way that that's exactly not the thing.
Are there additional details where it just happens to work out that
it's a funeral for someone who's also it's their birthday?
Okay.
No, but that's like the saddest thing I've ever heard.
That is really depressing.
Blow these candles out.
You can't, no breath.
Push his, push his tongue.
Maybe there's one more breath in there.
We could use the last one.
Make a wish.
I bet I know what you're going to wish for.
There's no gift.
You can get somebody who's dead that isn't insensitive unless it's like, unless it's
an extra pillow, a pillow.
Yeah.
That's about it.
Um, sunglasses, a weekend at Bernie's.
Thank you, Travis.
I don't, I mean, but think about it this way.
Those people at that funeral, they're so sad.
They're so sad.
And what, what makes you happier than anything in the world?
Then when somebody is like, Hey, there's cake.
The question is where you put it at a funeral.
Cause you got the line, right?
Going to the coffin, obviously.
I don't know.
It might be kind of a jam to put it at like the foot of the coffin, like resting on the
top.
Cause I'm like, they say their tearful goodbyes, uh, but then like there's cake like instantly
afterwards.
Yeah.
And you can't let it, uh, you can't put it on the other side of the room because people
spend the whole day, like come up with excuses to not be near the casket.
The way, Oh gosh, that cake.
I got to just get over there.
Whatever you do, just be really, um, delicate and sensitive in the decorating of the cake.
Yeah.
You might.
So what do you, what do you think?
Race car, obviously.
Cause it's a race car is fine.
Um, I would avoid a zombie themed cake.
No zombie themed cake.
A dragon is good.
Maybe like a Phoenix would be appropriate.
Oh yeah.
Sort of emerging, especially if they're being cremated.
Who boy, that would really get them.
You probably shouldn't write on the cake.
You're not one year older.
You're one year closer to death because they already done.
They already done hit that.
They are actually one year further from death.
Like they're getting actually further from it.
Negative one year.
Yeah.
This is my negative first birthday.
It's, it's pretty cool.
I can't wait till my negative 16th birthday so I can buy smokes and porn in the, in the
afterlife and afterlife.
Yeah.
Afterlife smokes.
Hey, I got a question for you.
How do I incorporate a quirk into my personality?
I work at an advertising agency, a naturally quirky environment, but I don't know how to
start acting thing, start acting quirky.
What if I wanted to be the guy who works barefoot?
What if I wanted to be the guy who exclusively started wearing neon t-shirts?
I feel like certain people can get away with these things and certain people can't.
How do I become one who can Nathan?
Nathan, I have a suggestion.
Maybe your quirk should be the guy who never says quirk.
Can you do that for me as like a step one?
You got it.
The, the thing is with so many things in life, the answer is one word and that's commitment.
You gotta, if you're not going to wear shoes at work, if it gets cold in the office, you
gotta still, you're still no shoes.
Nathan got me.
No shoes.
Nathan can't pack up on that.
And you got, if you wear neon t-shirts, you're neon Nathan that don't change.
You've got to commit.
Neon Nathan is good because then if you become like a professional athlete, then that name
will carry over quite well.
I imagine.
Yeah, I, I would like to give some advice to everybody who's looking to pick up a quirk
and all those kids who want to define their personality by coming up with something.
If you want to decide if you're the type of person who can think about if you're the type
of person who does, and if you don't already do it, don't start doing it.
If you are a person who already does a weird thing, keep up with it.
Don't pick up a quirk.
Violating the premise of the question.
I understand that.
It's just like the most frustrating that I'm going to be the dude who only drinks Boons
farm.
I'm going to be the guy that plays, you know, a double neck mandolin.
Don't do it.
I do think that if you're going to pick a quirk, you should pick something that's useful.
Like be the guy who his quirk is.
He knows how to pick locks.
Like then you go from like quirk to talent or like special skill.
You know, I think everybody on the planet should pick locks.
I think everybody should possess that knowledge.
I don't think that's quirky.
I think if you don't believe in boundaries, if Nathan wore a candy necklace every day,
think about that.
There's Nathan with his candy necklace.
That helps you because you get that sugar boost throughout the day.
If somebody else wants to come and nibble on you, they can do that.
What if Nathan was the guy with a prehensile tail?
Okay.
Don't know how you get that.
That's a little late.
It's an outpatient surgery these days.
Like you're in your out tail.
I think that no matter what, people are very perceptive.
If you try to pick up a quirk like this, people are going to know what you're doing.
And for like the first month that you do it, they're going to judge you silently.
They'd be like, Nathan has a cane now?
That's, that's weird.
And after that, you're going to, you're going to break through it.
And people will be like, oh, this is Nathan.
He just, he has a cane.
He doesn't have a limp or anything.
He just carries a cane around.
The thing is, it won't be cool until everyone who currently works there has quit and been
replaced with someone else.
That's when, that's when it will know.
It will be like a, a worthwhile, valid thing to do right now.
It's tough sale, tough sale.
Don't do it, Nathan.
You're a beautiful flower.
Nathan, you're better than that.
How about your, your quirk is you're the guy who can't stop talking about
my brother, my brother and me.
And if I show for the modern era, it never stops.
It's always extolling the virtues of podcasts.
I should give it a listen.
Maybe you should.
Hey, I've been wondering if I should start wearing cologne when I go out or dress up
any recommendation on what I should start at, what I should look for to start smelling
like a classy dude sense and sensibility.
And that name was created by Travis.
You can't do that anymore.
That's, that's perjury.
I like it.
I like it.
What do you felonious?
What do you guys wear me?
Yeah.
What's your smell?
I'm Oh, natural.
I used to do that.
I used to do acts, but that, that made me smell like the inside of an air conditioner
after a while.
So I stopped.
Well, what I imagined the inside of an air conditioner is smelling like rusty.
It made me smell rusty and I hated it kind of rusty.
Yeah, now I just slap on deodorant and I, I use Irish spring soap and keeps me fresh
all day.
I love it.
I don't like to overpower people.
I fly under the radar.
I go with a, an old spice trifecta of old spice, body wash deodorant and little bit
of old spice cologne.
And then, and then a dash of actual old spices.
Like, oh, this, this coriander is ancient.
Let me get it on my skin.
That's good.
Oh, that's really nice.
Uh, I wear, um, uh, Burberry.
I think, I think Burberry, they make like bags, right?
Burberry.
Sure.
Bags.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So like I wear Burberry.
I think it's called Burberry.
The fragrance or smell like Burberry.
Do you smear that right on your cummerbund or do you like a little ring around your monocle
or how does it work?
Can you explain that?
I have to.
Yeah, sure.
I have to, um, uh, first I soak it, soak my ascot in it overnight.
Ladies love that shit.
Yeah.
And then I, I take the deed to the boathouse and I soak it in that and I keep that in my
pocket as sort of like a.
What's that smell?
Um, let me check my pockets.
Oh, it's this boathouse that I have.
Here's the deed to the boathouse.
It smells like Burberry right now.
Uh, just make sure when you, when you apply it, uh, the rule is that, uh, your, uh, cologne
should only be powerful enough to be smelled in the embrace of a lover.
So you're saying what's the perimeter?
That is a good rule.
It just makes me sick when you put it like that.
I know I two sprays.
The point was, I thought the point was to get the embrace with the smell.
Like the people get.
If your, if your stink is attracting people from across the room, a attracting people
like I got to go embrace somebody right now.
What you've never like, you've never like hunted a smell down like, Oh fuck, what's
that smell?
Got to get to it.
And then you find it.
And at the end there's a, there's a beautiful lady or a beautiful man or like a beautiful
dog or something.
Like it's something I'm saying your smell influence shouldn't reach that far across
the room.
Yeah.
That's your, your reach.
Your throw is too big.
You're going to affect the taste of people's food.
Like in other rooms, it's not a good way to go.
Yeah.
And don't forget bloodhounds.
You don't want to throw them off.
It's just, it's cruel.
They're trying to solve crimes.
I don't, I, I, I just don't know what smells good anymore.
You guys.
Well, I, as to what, how to pick a fragrance, we gave you some fragrance tools.
Just go to your local department store and they, and it's fun, man.
Just go and start smelling, say, Hey, this is the kind of fragrances I'm into.
Well, you probably won't know that, but maybe some notes that you'd like.
I'd like something with some notes of old leather and sandalwood.
Can you hook me up?
And they will, that sounds delightful.
They will generate a smell for you.
I would like to smell like an old book.
Can I have that?
I bet you they do.
Make sure you say that has to exist.
Right.
Notes of whiskey.
That's always good with campfire.
I want to smell like an old hobo.
Can I smell like an old hobo with campfire whiskey?
Do you guys have midnight hobo in?
Oh, that's right.
I was trying to drink my chai tea and you just got me right, right there.
Oh, so nice.
Hey, this is nice.
But are you guys, you guys want to do some, some eco-tourism and take a journey with me
for Earth Hour?
Turn those lights off and come with us.
Turn those lights off and come with us on the journey to the money zone.
In the driver's seat is our listener, Ryan Shrout.
What are we driving?
We're driving a car, an eco-car called Very Small.
Yeah.
And it's taking us to a place called PC Perspective.
That's Ryan's company.
Now Griffin, tell me about it.
Hit me with it.
What is PC Perspective?
Listen, the world of PC.
It's very confusing.
Can you?
I need you to explain what PC stands for.
I got a pussy control.
What's up, Ryan?
Your business rules now.
Go ahead.
Hey, Ryan, you can use that.
He never explicitly says, I'm going to imagine it stands for personal computer,
which we all have.
Or pussy computer.
Or a pussy computer.
I need more RAM.
I bet you do.
Anyway, personal computers are confusing.
Who knows what's going on in there?
I don't.
Did our wizards activating diodes?
Who knows?
Nobody does, except for PC Perspective.
It's a great spot.
If you need info on PCs, if you need in-depth reviews on PC components,
I didn't know there were components in there.
But apparently there are.
And apparently they have varying degrees of quality.
And that is something that PC Perspective can elucidate for you.
I'm thinking about building a new computer, Griffin.
Do they have anything for me?
Or should I just go screw off?
No, they'll help you right there.
If you want to toss together a fat rig to use the parlance of the hacker community,
if you want to access cyberspace on the baddest rig around, then-
If you want a real information superhighway hot rod.
Vroom, vroom.
You pull into the hardware leaderboard, which is the thing that they have on PC Perspective.
Where is that?
PCPer.com first slash HWLB.
It's right there.
Which is shorthand for all those things we just said.
And it'll give you recommendations for building your PC.
Which I actually built a PC one time.
And I just bought a bunch of shit off Newegg.
I was like, oh, I need a RAM.
Let me just slap that on there.
I need six diodes.
And the computer blew up, took one of my legs.
So it can be avoided.
They got forums where you can chat it up with other people who are searching for perspective.
And they talk about PC gaming, which I'm sure a lot of our audience is into.
I didn't know you could game on this other than Jezzball.
I'm pretty into Jezzball right now.
PCPer.com first slash podcast.
They have a show.
It's probably better than ours.
At least we'll teach you more about computers.
We literally know, I know nothing about these things that I do my work on every day.
I'm on a computer nine hours a day.
No fucking clue what's going on in there.
That's PCPer.com.
PCPer.com.
And they got reviews, community, podcasts.
Check it all out.
And while you're going, you can make sure to hum this jingle that Griffin has crafted.
Gotta be honest with you.
I tried to do some pre-pro on this one earlier because I was nervous.
And I could not, for the life of me, turn PC Perspective into a song.
So let's see.
Let's see how it goes.
It's lively hot.
I got the chord progression down.
But gotta get those parts.
Gotta snatch that RAM up.
Gotta snatch that RAM up.
Gotta get a cooler chassis for my big fat rig.
Gotta be a cyberspace wizard on PC Perspective.
That's not the URL.
I'm gonna take another stab at it.
Nope.
Don't clap for that.
Oh, good.
Remix.
What I thought was, I wanna hear that again.
Hey, dad.
Whoa.
That took a weird turn.
What's wrong with your rig?
I think that it needs more RAM and bits and bytes.
What else do you dig?
Let's get together on something for once.
PCPer.com.
There.
You nailed it.
That one had overtones of family in it.
It's been strife.
There was some strife there.
It's like, dad, I love you, but we just can't get together on it.
Let's unite on this one thing.
Let's talk about PCs.
I should have just sung Pussy Control.
I really missed my opportunity there.
Can I look up the tabulature to Pussy Control really quick?
Yeah, maybe if PC Per takes us to the money zone again, which they most certainly will,
we'll do a riff on a spoof.
A hot spoof on Pussy Control.
A spoof on Pussy Control.
I live by myself, and like Griffin, I've been on a Lady Siesta internet fist bump.
Sometimes, after a long day at work, I like to-
I actually just fist bumped my monitor.
Like, why did I do that?
I'm alone in a room.
Sometimes, after a long day at work, I like to have a beer.
A beer?
Come on.
I go to my favorite bar after work once a week, occasionally more than once,
if I've had a particularly bad day or rough bus commute.
Very rarely do I drink enough to be drunk.
At most, I leave a bit tipsy.
I always tip well and never leave my glass sitting at a table for someone else to clean up.
My question is this.
Is it okay to do this?
Should I feel ashamed for bevving out by myself?
That's from single dark beer.
Absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
It's totally cool.
It's totally fucking cool.
Like, you're not getting sloshed and, like, I don't know, hitting on your neighbor.
You're just having a- you're having a relaxer.
Just relaxing.
Yeah.
Alcoholism is just a label that society puts on you.
I don't subscribe to labels.
You've already- you've already eschewed their expectations for you
in terms of pursuing and securing a life mate.
Why not just shrug this one off too?
You're living the life you want like a herpes ad.
Just do it.
Just drink it up and you're not going to meet anybody nice in your house.
I'm just saying.
I mean, I know, like, you're taking a break right now, but-
That's why he goes out once a week.
I do the same thing.
It's like, maybe tonight, maybe tonight, I'll find that special somebody.
I'll have one beer and I'll clean up after myself.
He's helping someone notice that part.
They will see that.
Ladies will see that from across the bar like, did he just bust his own table?
Get over here.
Get over here.
I'm just- make sure you bring your own rag and your own coaster.
And really just take care of business.
I brought these pretzels myself.
You can just get me a little bowl or something.
I need a bowl for my rolled gold.
Listen.
I've got a paring knife.
If you could just give me the lemon, I'll just sort of carve it myself.
Keep on living.
Okay.
This is what Matthew McConaughey says and he likes to party.
I think- just don't party as hard as Matthew McConaughey.
That's my barometer.
And nobody should party that hard.
I don't think you can handle it.
I've had to reskin my bongos three times trying to live as hard as Matthew McConaughey.
Have you been- do you oil them?
What?
Yeah.
You know, I was oiling them.
I was using that- I was using that sandalwood oil for the longest time and it did help.
You're right.
It helped with the tone.
I'd say it brought it up a good half step.
But the problem is afterwards, there was a lot of residue.
Yeah, it's hard because once your hands get slippery, it's hard to break out a good paradiddle
once your hands get that slippery.
I would always get as far as like- I was getting like, does the goosh.
And when I would get to the goosh, like, my hand would stick for just that fraction of a second.
I noticed.
Like, in my earlier bongo years, I probably wouldn't have, but I need that responsiveness.
I mean, what model are you working with now?
Is it a Rickenbacker?
No, it's a bongotron 3000.
It's pretty big in Europe.
I'm kind of surprised you haven't heard of it.
I think that that was a game that you and I just played and I think I lost.
I think we just played bongo conversational as chicken.
We all lost, I think.
In case anyone was wondering, bongotron was my favorite transformer.
He didn't do much, but when he did, it was mellow.
He transformed from a robot into bullshit.
Hey, do you want a yahoo?
Yeah, redeem yourself.
This one was sent in by Andrew Binder.
Thank you, Andrew.
It's by yahoo answers user LOL, who asks,
is it normal to be sexually attracted to- anybody want to guess?
I want to guess my answer, no.
I want to guess my answer, no.
Numbers.
Numbers.
Is it okay to be sexually attracted to numbers?
He adds, I admit I am gay.
Well, okay, but there are some nights where I take the algebra book back into my room
and jack off to the numbers.
Number three is my favorite because it's so sexy.
Well, yeah, it looks like a sideways, but yeah, it makes sense.
It adds up or maybe ups like sideways balls.
There's a lot of things that that three could be and sideways boobs.
It's not okay.
Three is pretty hot.
Let's break this question down.
The first, my biggest problem with it is that he says, I admit that I am gay
as if that has any bearing on the situation whatsoever.
If you're straight in the numbers, then that's cool.
Yeah.
Or like, is he saying that that's like a side effect?
It's like one out of every 100 people who like people of their same gender
also would like to fuck a number.
What's the sexiest number, everybody?
See this, listen, we're not ready to have that conversation yet.
We'll get to that, but I think we need to come up with some rules.
First, are we talking about fucking the idea of a number?
Are we talking about, I have the important thing is not to fuck anything under 16.
Well, we're not going to think of anything funnier than that.
God, are we, are we, but I mean, are we talking about like fucking an actual,
like if we could manifest this number into, I think you have to pick which shape would
be like the most pleasurable to like rub up against a numeral, a numeral or cause like,
there's so many combinations beyond that.
I'm saying what is the hottest numeral.
Well, we have to set a limit because I could just say like 16,783,492.
And then that's a fucking orgy.
Once you get that number, let's say between zero and a hundred.
No numeral, a numeral between one, zero, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, nine.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
Yes.
It's zero.
Nope.
Nope.
You're wrong.
Zero is mysterious.
Travis, you're a fool.
Justin, do you want to guess?
Well, zero is, zero is not bad.
I think seven is the sexiest number.
Travis.
What is it?
Second guess.
Eight.
Yup.
What's up two holes.
How did you get there?
Two holes.
Which one tonight?
You know, he's down.
Do you want the top?
You want that solid, that solid hefty bottom, or do you want the narrow, the slightly narrower
top?
Sounds good.
And also it recalls, it recalls snowmen, which we can all agree.
Always hot.
I shouldn't impress my, my feelings on people.
Here's if I were to defend eight, I were to say it's obviously not three.
Right.
Because the three is just half an eight.
You cut it sideways right down the front already.
Sure.
Why have a, why have, you could have two threes already.
It's called an eight.
A number one.
How are you supposed to fuck that?
Really?
Yeah.
Zero.
That cavity is gigantic.
No.
Yeah.
That's just a, you're just begging to feel inadequate.
Two, I think you could make a case for.
It's got a nice curvature, which you guys know I'm a fan of.
Yeah.
You do like curvatures.
The problem with two and five and seven.
Yeah.
And that's it.
Where, where do you put it?
Yeah.
I see what you're saying.
Where do you have to have intercourse with the numeral?
And that is what we're saying.
Right.
Then eight.
Three would be tricky, but I think you could, I think you could do it.
Yeah, I think so too.
I would like to know when this person discovered this problem because it, it could have made
for like the most awkward math class ever when he's sitting there and the teacher's
like, say I have 12 apples and I take five away.
What do you have?
And the answer is boner.
Hey, hey, Griff, are there any answers?
Do you want to help him out at all?
Uh, Diana Quimby says, I like 69.
Oh, that's cool.
Nice try, Diana.
Um, so many, so many.
Okay.
Says yes.
Completely normal.
Have fun.
You're not hurting anyone.
I disagree.
Now I agree with the second half of that sentence, but let's not throw around terms like completely
you rob the words of their power.
Yeah.
I think that I'm a Gleek says everyone has their quirks, I guess.
So neon Nathan, guess what?
Number Nathan.
Hey, number Nathan.
What's up with number Nathan?
He's over there.
He's playing math blaster and he's fucking jerking.
It's so right to math blaster.
Number nookie.
Nathan.
Number nookie.
Nathan jerks it to math blaster.
I heard on the end.
I heard he is the math blaster.
He said, hey, listen, I have a, I have a sister who gives the best presence for Christmas
and every birthday.
She comes up with something so ridiculously amazing that I just can't think of how to
top her.
I know the idea of presence is not to top the other person.
Just one time.
I would like to win.
She's giving me things like a robotic butterfly in a jar.
How do I retaliate in the present war?
Thanks guys.
Presently stumped.
I didn't know that was a thing.
How do you got to quit?
You think?
Yeah, I think you got to stop the present world altogether.
Really lower expectations and then in 10 years get a decent present.
And they're like, wow.
So you're saying like, give someone like a gift certificate that says like, I donated
a tree in your honor for like 10 years in a row.
I got you a goat in a village far, far away.
I think, or you could just bow out by getting like the shittiest present ever.
Just race to the bottom is what I'm saying.
Top yourself that way and top yourself below it.
Cause it's not going to hurt you.
She'll pretend that she loves it still, but then she'll be like, Oh, um, Michael,
Michael just like got me a, what is this?
Barnes and Noble gift certificate, but they're closed down.
Like give her whatever gift certificate for 250.
Okay, great.
Thank you.
Just take her present that she gives you the next year.
Give it back to her with a $5 bill tape too.
Yeah, it's like, what's up now?
I guess it's a little better this year, huh?
I guess it's pretty good.
And it's, it's a crude interest.
It's a crude value.
Um, over, over the, over the passing year.
Um, this is why I don't like presents because it is a competition.
Guess what?
It is a competition.
And you're probably, if you have to ask, you're probably losing.
Hey, by the way, it sounds like your sister's secret might be ThinkGeek.
So maybe you should go to ThinkGeek and, and, uh, check out some of the gifts they have there.
Cause then you might be able to beat her that way.
Ooh, instead of buying the shittiest present ever, just make it.
Then she really can't get mad at you.
Yeah, she really won't see that coming.
What have you done with these clothes pins?
I, I, Michael, I'm looking at it and I honestly can't tell.
What is this supposed to be?
Is this an ashtray?
Because there's a lot of cavities in it.
For ash.
For air ash to slip through.
I'm a hotel housekeeper in Australia.
Whoa.
We have to try it.
I should try an accent.
Should I do an accent for this question?
Yeah.
Oh, I was racially cleaning the room of gas to wash from the states.
Is that good?
Perfect.
It sounded like you were like time traveling and you're like talking to us like in a time
vortex.
He opened up his wallet and asked me what the usual tipping rate is every year.
I told him that unlike in the US, hospitality workers here are paid enough by their employer
that they don't rely on tips as income and that it isn't necessary.
He said, oh, and put his wallet back in his pocket.
I thought tipping was a sign of appreciation for providing a good service.
Should I take this personally?
Should I not have told him the truth?
Or have I just encountered a cheap dick scrape?
Jen, I actually have a theory on this.
I think that anytime you go to another culture, more important to you than money is that you
don't look like a dipshit.
Yeah.
So when this guy got his wallet out and you said we don't really do that so much, he probably
felt like a dipshit so hard that he just put the money away for fear of sounding like a
dipshit.
That would be my guess, at least.
You definitely humiliated him.
He was embarrassed.
What I don't understand is why you didn't take this guy to the fucking cleaners.
Oh, my God.
How much is that?
120%.
Yeah, like over a hundo just because that's how we do it in Australia.
Money means nothing here.
We just give it away.
Yeah.
So give me some of it.
It would mean a lot to me, though, if you gave it to me.
This is why I don't travel.
This is it?
I'm serious because I would do this.
I would be that guy and I'd never recover from that shame, ever.
But here's what I've learned from traveling.
Like you think that someone who is I used to think when I was younger that if I traveled
a lot that things would make more like there is a culture sort of inherent to travel where
like a worldwide culture, you know what I mean?
Like something that if you've been in enough places, you just kind of grok what's going
on.
Griffin and I stayed in a hotel last I guess earlier this month where every night when
we would come to the back to the hotel room, there were floor mats that said sleep well
and and slippers.
It wrapped up in plastic.
We had like we had nightly debates about whether those slippers were free.
There's no rules.
And since you're in Australia, there's no rules just right.
Like like at the outback.
That's what you should tell him.
There's no rules to tipping.
There's just so you're saying just just embrace your ineptitude.
Yeah, at international affairs, just like if I'm going to have another if I'm going
to have enough shrimp to put on the barbie, I need you to tip me right now.
Why are you wearing why are you wearing a Hawaiian shirt?
You you do realize that not all islands are like the same.
This isn't like a tropical resort for you.
Like we live here.
You're wearing sunscreen.
You're indoors and you're wearing sunscreen.
My advice is don't screen on your nose.
Is be careful not to use the word necessary because I think that people only tip because
it is necessary.
And if you say that's not necessary, that translates to don't do it.
So maybe say like, well, you know, if you really appreciate the service, then we accept
tips, but it's not required.
Tipping is such a sensitive thing.
I don't know why this guy would would breach that sensitivity and be like, hey, do you
need this?
Like wave it in front of you.
Do you have some troubles?
Well, how much of what I have do you need to be happy?
I've got it to give.
Do you need it to have like I've got a vein open.
Come drink.
I think next time to say 10 percent and go about your business.
I think that's that's that's also that's kind of a dick move, by the way.
Don't ask this person what the usual tipping rate is.
What are you thinking?
Ask like the somebody, somebody else, your cabbie or literally anybody else tips.
No, I'm having trouble thinking of people that she would interact with that that would
not require tips.
I could be impartial.
Nope.
Tips.
Have you ever seen the secret of my success story?
Not in too long.
Yeah, I tipped a soda machine in a hotel once.
I just put another dollar in.
I was like, that's for you.
Good job.
For a second, I thought it was it was going to turn into a real like Bret Michaels story.
Like you tipped a soda machine and then you kicked it down a flight of stairs.
But no, I would never hurt a soda machine like that.
Do you want to answer?
Yeah, I was just about to ask for one.
This one was sent in by America's favorite person, Jacob Blocker.
There was a time poll and he won it for that thing.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Bowler, who asks, I need tickle fetish help.
So, I have a tickle fetish and I was wondering if there is a tool I can use to tickle my feet,
such as an electric toothbrush or something.
That's it.
It's really a question of reach, isn't it?
I mean, I imagine when you have a tickle fetish, I can't tickle myself.
Like, I don't know how you're supposed to do it without the help of some sort of tools.
I didn't think this was a thing.
I have a boner to tickle myself.
Boner, do you?
Stop, stop.
Don't stop.
Don't stop.
Do stop.
I have a boner.
No, please.
It's uncomfortable now.
You have been tickling me for too long.
I have a fetish.
It doesn't mean I'm not a masochist.
You should really, I think that if you have a tickle fetish, you need to become the person
who warns every single person you come across that you have a tickle fetish.
You're getting a job interview.
They're like, is there anything else you need to tell us?
Well, I have a tickle fetish, which I need you to know because you can't ever come up
to me in my cubicle and be like, hey, Johnson, come here.
Fluffy fingers.
And then it's like, boss man, I have a boner now that I have to deal with for the rest
of the day that you gave to me.
And I have to like-
Because I'm rock hard.
I got to go home to my wife and kids and they'll be like, how's your day?
It was pretty good.
My boss gave me a tickle boner.
So I guess actually what I said about it being pretty good was wrong.
It's the opposite of that.
I'm still chewing on that factoid.
Um, I guess a backscratcher.
Like would that work?
Or a broom?
Like one of those long ones with a foot- a broom?
How about-
Most witches just have tickle fetishes.
A lot of people don't know that.
Are there- is this a thing?
I guess I'm just surprised that this is a thing.
Like, are there people who like go to prostitutes and they're like $50 for a BJ Hundo for a
Minnesota pincher?
And you're like, how much just for like a- how much for fluffy fingers?
How about you just tickle me?
Do you want- I'll tickle you.
I will tickle you to titter but not to full chuckle.
And then they'll get confused and be like, like your penis?
Like you want me to tickle your penis?
Like, oh no, no, no.
I'm not ticklish there.
I'm ticklish on my- on my tummy.
If you could just give me tummy honks.
If you can get up under my armpits and maybe my big toes.
I have- here's what I have.
I have tummy honks.
Those are on the table.
That's $25.
I'll give you- I'll give you pit pushers where I get up in there and really squeeze and tickle
you.
That's no problem.
Fluffy fingers.
That's gonna cost you.
Oh man.
And also kissing on the mouth.
$150.
So if you want to add that service.
We also offer a nice- a nice relax afterwards because you need to cool down from the tickle.
You get a oolong tea and a time life.
Time life book about the old west.
You sit and drink your oolong and read your time life book about-
Stellar tickle.
I'm gonna learn about cowboys.
Good, good, good tickle.
Uh, I wonder what Apache, uh, relations were like.
Diane, you were worth every penny.
I am- I am giggling like a schoolboy over here.
Can you be a dove and nuke my oolong?
I got so into this part about, uh, hatchet crafting.
Do you know what the nice thing is about going to a tickle prostitute?
What's that?
Um, you get a happy beginning, middle, and end.
I want to hear Griffin's last question.
But first quick housekeeping type stuff.
You've been listening to my brother, my brother, and me.
As always, the nicest thing you can do for us is tell a friend.
We have a lot of people who do that, you know, in meat space.
Just say, hey, listen to this.
And then they jam like a USB drive or a disk.
And then we have people who do it on the internet.
Uh, like Joe Patrick, uh, 116.
Mike Tartt is up on there.
Anybody- anybody else really been killing it this week?
Uh, Jeff Grubb.
Uh, Jeff Grubb.
Uh, there's Alsmane Mariko.
Always killing it.
A hundred percent of the time.
Uh, tech monkeys.
Oh, Christ.
Cory Dutson.
C Dutson on Twitter created- well, we created griffinspacejam.com with a rough-
a rough draft, I would say.
The first installment.
C Dutson turned up the fucking heat.
It is now a full sensory sort of experience.
There's- if you want sight, there's sight.
If you want read, which is one of your senses, there's read.
You can read there.
Sound, he's got the- he put the jingle on there.
It's- it's such a fucking delight.
I'm so happy that I made it.
Thank you, C Dutson.
Try that.
So you should follow him.
Man, that- that is a good website.
It's like the best website.
I can't believe that somebody made that.
My dream is that it continues to be more productive.
Like, it's more useful until it passes Google.
Do you think maybe-
That's everybody's homepage.
Everybody has a secret, like, love of the Space Jam franchise in their heart,
but they- they don't know, like,
I need a safe place where I can go and talk about how much I love Lola
because she's so- she's just so feminine and delicate.
You can do that here.
By the way, everybody, here's a fun little-
little interactive adventure you can go on right now.
Uh, if you get on YouTube and search Bugs and Lola, and then just, like, go on a journey.
Just, like, watch the videos that come up because you are going to love them.
You're really- um, also, if you are in the Chicago land area or you can get there,
uh, you need to go to MaximumFun.org.
You need to look for that link about our show that we're doing live there.
Uh, and- and- or you can just go to the Second City website, uh, April 17th.
We're going to be there with Jordan Jessica.
Um, we're going to be opening for them, and then they're going to do their thing.
And the whole night will be hosted by Dan Telfer, who is fucking hilarious.
He's so funny.
If you watch his, uh- he's got a video on YouTube called The Best Dinosaur.
Jesus Christ.
Go watch it.
It's the fucking funniest thing.
Uh, so Dan-
And as an added bonus, um, April 17th,
is Griffin's birthday, so we'll probably be going out afterwards and doing, like, a meetup thing.
We're going to get fucked up Sunday night.
Yeah.
Don't tell Jesus.
Don't tell Jesus Griffin's drunk guy's birthday.
Um, so- so make sure you get tickets for that.
Uh, we cover Twitter.
If you have questions for us, nbnbam at MaximumFun.org.
Um, and you follow us on Twitter.
We- we're- we're- we're climbing the ranks here, but we still need more of you to- to join us.
So, uh-
We're all on Twitter separately, too.
It's just that I think we-
Hey, we broke three- we broke 3,000.
Hey, all right.
Yay.
Pretty good, right?
Um, if you want a promotion, if you want to take us to the Money Zone,
and we'll take you to the Jingle Zone, uh, you can email Teresa at MaximumFun.org.
Uh, this is Teresa with an H.
I know some people- some people like to eschew the H.
Uh, Travis, you're dating an H-less Teresa.
I gotta say, I can't- I- I don't know how I feel about that.
You didn't console us before that.
Me neither.
If you guys get married and she has to change her name, can she just pop that H in there?
Just very-
I'll see what I can do.
I mean, I'll definitely bring it up.
Thanks.
Um, so I- I believe, uh, that is- that is everything.
Thank you guys, as always, so much for hanging out with us.
Um, we will, of course, be back.
Sorry we missed a couple Mondays there, but we're back on- on the regular schedule now,
so make sure you- you check that out.
Check us out.
Check- check our show out at Archives.
Go ahead, Kevin, whenever you're ready.
I'm gonna call this out.
Travis just, uh, wrote us a message on Skype.
Sometimes he does this whenever he does things during the show, uh, that he wants me to edit
out in- in post, uh, and it says, I farted at 54 minutes, so I'll make sure to stop back in
and cut that- cut that flatulence out, but I am leaving this in so that people know what you did.
I could've sworn I heard it.
If you go back and play, I don't know if you could edit it in,
but he made a sound afterwards, like, what happened?
Let me just-
What did I do?
Let me highlight that waveform, amplify 20 dBs.
Sorry about your speakers.
For a half of a second, I forgot where I was,
which happens to me quite often and once happened to me on the bus,
but it's one of those moments where it's just like extreme comfort fart.
Oh, no.
And then I try to cover it up with a throat clear.
Time traveled for a second.
You just got lost in the moment.
This is the grossest podcast.
I hate it.
How about this one was sent in by Kevin Frida.
Thank you, Kevin.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, The Casual Fan Rises, who asks,
Ladies, imagine this.
I have X-ray vision and I can see through your clothes.
What now?
Justin McElroy.
This is Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother, and me.
Kiss your dad.
It's all right on the lips.
