The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
I was working in the lab late one night, when my eyes beheld a eerie sight,
for my brother from his lab began to rise, and suddenly he did advise him,
and he said, MBM, MBM, it was my brother and my brother and me.
I could have written something before I think I also think that there's a certain amount to be said about
Like parodying novelty novelty songs. Yeah, that's very meta. That's a good point Travis
There's a Halloween channel on Pandora, and you will be surprised to hear that it's not just monster mash
Just monster mash and thriller and thriller monster mash mashups. Yeah thriller monster mash werewolf bar mitzvah
Just you know it's a constantly. There's also Halloween parodies of songs like creepy game of poker
One of my favorite OAR parodies this haunt me maybe
That's a great one I love that walking walking in Memphis, but there's
Ghosts all around there's already ghosts
Oh wait, do you mean walking dead in Memphis there? We go. They nailed it
fuck
Then there's Gangnam style, but first spooks yeah, well come style boost spookum style
How is your guys did you guys party last night? Yeah? It's ectoplasmic I?
Am I am partying this evening because it is the traditional
Theater weekend right night. Yeah, yeah sure you have everything special everything has to be special
I was I was mr.. Belvedere, and this year again
And not again, but this time this time out in public
Yeah, this time this time for Halloween this time for Halloween and not just your Brock tune not to get my sad card um I
I was mr.. Belvedere and last night over a party with lots of friends of ours of mine from college
And they all knew who I was but I went to a party
with Sidney's doctor friends who
Maybe don't have their finger as close on the cultural pulse or are perhaps younger and
The popular guest there was 1800
a bartender
Okay, so but real quick. What kind of pulse
Does that show?
Possibly have at this point. Well. They just like cultural
Osmosis things that you absorb about mr.. Belvedere
Without actually watching mr.. Belvedere. I guess I'm just a cultural awareness
Maybe the same way that I'm aware of gun smoke sure maybe they've made a few jokes about it on Family Guy
Yeah, right. That's what it looks it up on YouTube. They saw the SNL bit on YouTube. You're talking about secondhand
I went as over there. Yes, so I went as homeless Elmo
To a Halloween party where I knew maybe five percent of the people at the party and this this costume was I found
Elmo torso and Elmo head and it's very convincing and then I stippled on a beard on my face
And I put on like gym shorts over some sweatpants and like a t-shirt, and it's real dirty not that
That's what all homeless people look like but obviously I was trying to you know over exaggerate for the God
I'm thinking about now this costumes a little offensive
But it was built into the fiction of Mitt Romney shuts down Sesame Street
Elmo suddenly has no place to go except the real street, and so this is what I was wearing
And I would say all but maybe one of the people I didn't know at this party. They would see me and be like oh, it's Elmo
It's like yeah, but you're not like wondering why I have a fucking like stippled on beard
And I'm wearing like dog shit clothes. It's it's morning Elmo. I guess shit together yet
It made me very frustrated. I put a lot of work into the the invention and I feel like people just saw the head
And they you know yeah this evening. I'm going to be going as Marty McFly from Back to the Future and
I feel as though I'm relying heavily on props to really help me
Impress the people because the costume in and of itself is not that impressive. It's just a vest
Yeah, it's a vest and like a jean jacket and a shirt and some pants, but I'm building my own hoverboard
non-functional and
I bought myself a big clunky 80s video camera and a Walkman and some headphones
And I'm hoping that this will carry me through
How are you in them Dawson's Creek wait?
Okay here in a couple seasons towards the end a bartender shows up, okay, who?
Inexplicably cosplays as Marty McFly every day
I know it ever references it, but he's dressed exactly like Marty McFly all the time
I can't wait. I can't wait to not have the burden of that show hanging over me anymore
I just can't wait to be done with it. I'll watch these now aren't you you're like in so very deep
Danger deep and I want to be out
Okay, I want you to jump in this hole with me because you've been here before I know the way out
You know there's the way out you keep digging at the bottom you hit China by which I mean the season finale
Can we please stop the show now how long we've been doing it you want to get back into it, right?
You got that disc just calling your name. I don't want to wait
Actually, no, it's the DVD so the DVD has the song the knockoff has
This heart is in my hands
Do the whole thing yeah, let's do this has been so funny
So far so funny my brother my brother me and if I should this is our Halloween episode
So we're only talking about ghosts and Dawson's Creek Dawson's Creek
When looking for a new apartment, I asked the realtor if the house I was looking at was haunted
She said she isn't legally allowed to talk about that. It's that code for yes
It makes me nervous because I get the vibe Virginia can be pretty haunted
Sure, so Ohio is for lovers when Virginia is for lovers who killed each other and a terrible passion
God I hope that's true. I hope that when you're getting like your your Realtors license
It's like you can tell them about the bathrooms talk about the hardwood floors if they ask about ghosts legally
You must be well legally
I don't think they can talk about if like somebody was murdered in the house
Which is the number of ghosts don't just like fucking wander from house to house like oh
It seems like a pretty good place to set up go shot check out two and a half bath
For how much is that a day? That's gonna feel good on my ghost. Oh, it's got like a pool grotto thing
Yeah, I love in here. I love the idea that the first week of realtor school is prices and
like cleaning the house and
Decoration and the second week is ghosts and goes related questions like listen today
We're gonna deal with a sensitive topic of if you are asked about ghosts tomorrow. They talk about Indian burial grounds
Right. Yeah
Curse placed on the threshold. Is it possible that they?
um
They just actually have a week called smart-ass visitors
Yeah, and it's just things that you say to people who are smart asses that come to look at your house
Why is this person using a realtor to find an apartment?
Yeah, I found an apartment
With a Ouija board. I just carried it around the Ouija board and wait
Oh, I know we're trying to make this this spooktacular episode, but we didn't we don't need to fictionalize. You're right
I don't know why I felt the need to embellish my life. My life's been just fine
I don't know why I need to embellish. Have you guys ever seen a ghost? Oh
Man Wow, just went right for it
Before we spend an hour talking about what yahoo thinks about ghosts we should really dig deep and do some spiritual exploration
How we be in real talk. I might still be drunk
Is this a real talk? Are we doing a real talk ghost? I don't know Travis. I don't know Travis
Can you make it funny or will it be sad?
It'll be sad. I want to hear oh now you have to sorry. Let me clear mine up
No, cuz ghosts aren't real. Go on Travis. I mean neither of us like listen neither of us. Hey, listen, we're all friends here
Let's all just put our ghosts on the table. No, I've seen no ghosts. I also ain't afraid of no ghosts. Okay
But but I do I do have a certain belief
That that not in ghosts but that like if something really tragic or like really horrific happens in a place that there is like
Really bad juju there. I mean like if you have you I mean
I'm sure it's all purely like psychological and you're telling yourself that but like, you know
You've walked into like the Moundsville Prison and like the Lincoln State Hospital that we went to in Point Pleasant
Like you walk in and you're like, ooh
Something bad happened here. Like is that just mean that's like, oh, but I think a lot of that's aesthetics. Yeah, that's true, too
You very you very rarely like walk into a Macy's and you're like, huh?
Something bad happened here
Griffin where you at? You know the ghosts
I don't like is that I really double don't believe in our ghosts to have repeatable behavior patterns
Oh the ones are like and every night she appears on the stairs. Yeah, she stands but I live on a schedule still
Yeah, I can float through anything. Yeah. No, I'm gonna go be a hedonist. Thanks. Yeah, see I'm gonna go to the babes palace
Yeah
I'd haunt you but I want to just like rub up against money all the money in this bank
That's what always kills me about those damn hauntings shows or it's like, you know
The most haunted places in New England or something. There's always like that hotel manager
That's like yeah and guests have reported, you know, they always see a little girl playing with the ball on the stairs
I'm like then why don't you have people there with fucking cameras and like if it's if it happens all the time
Get some fucking proof or say now we made up all this bullshit
There's also like I know that there's the whole deal with the electromagnetic electromagnetic fields. No, there's not that's not a deal
This is true. You have electromagnetic field that is around your body. That just is true. That's science. Okay, and if you
Lose a limb and take a picture
Captures electromagnetic fields. It'll still show the field. Fuck you around your ghost arm. Yeah
That doesn't that shit's not true Travis. Look it up. Look it up Travis. It's not true
It can't possibly be it's not science Travis and maybe science and that's ghost your ghost is your electricity
matter energy can't be a creator to destroy guys
If you fucking die and you decompose you don't have electricity in the shape of your body just like chillin on earth
So close-minded Griffin so close-minded. It's normal. It's normal minded. It's normal minded
Just my mind is totally normal minded because if you fucking think about that how many people have lived on the earth like a big
Ghost look around you ghosts
Oh, so if you would get that that's what I'm saying. That's not you guys guys. I'm just bullshitting
I don't believe in guys that feeling that you get though because you did say you get a feeling when you wonder into a place
Where a murder happened there have been two trillion people
Sixty trillion people that have walked the earth at any given point. Well, not at any given point on all the points put together
Do you everybody there's not a square foot of this entire planet where somebody hasn't been horribly murdered
You don't know that. I know that for sure
Yeah, think about if you think about all the people who've ever been alive law law of large numbers. Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen
Listen, listen, my counter-argument there is it's not just like somebody was killed here at some point bummer
It's always played like usually and this is you know
I I stated by saying that it might be purely psychological and like placebo effect
But like it's usually places where it's been a big mass horrible thing happened there, you know
This isn't like you walk into a house where 20 years ago someone's killed me like who people that do that are charlatans
I'm saying that this is like when you walk into what used to be an asylum like it's not a pleasant place to be
There's a hanging funk in the yes. Thank you a hanging funk
Now I also I also have to state that one of my personal heroes is Harry Houdini
Who is one of like the biggest debunkers in history?
And so I don't believe in ghosts I I believe in Harry Houdini, but he died
So he can't be all that great
Fair enough Griffin fair enough
Speaking of EMF's a lot of people turn to us for advice
and and and sometimes we don't have
the the exact expertise to give to them like for instance, a lot of people wanted our advice on
Which ghost meter to to buy?
So I cheapest one so I turned to amazon.com and dug up some some reviews of
The the ghost meter EMF sensor now
This is real quick you traded in your fashigi balls for I forget what you traded them in for
But then you have retraded that thing in for for ghost hunting tech juicing. I was really into juicing
You sorry and juice fast this week. You're really into juicing, but right now I'm into the ghost meter
which if you can't if you can google this or Amazon it it is basically just a picture of
a
What looks like a a child's chew toy and it says the ghost meter in like
sans-serif on it
I've oh no, that's not good
So I dug I went through the reviews of the product because I figure barring my own
expertise
That that I could I could pass along what a few people here have said this does this does not this does not pass my
Spectral smell test us. It simply does not ring true now
That oh, but there is only six left in stock
So hurry so get get it get it now and you guys can see I've left you a picture there
If you want to see this ghost meter is awesome
It's easy to use comes with complete instructions and features the most bang for your buck
They may sell more expensive meters, but more expensive meters. Does it always mean better?
Yeah, in fact quite literally in this case
The ghost meter is compact easy to carry and the power LED is bright enough that you could read the meter in the dark
I'll buy another one when this one finally wears out and I'll recommend it to anyone joining my team of ghost hunters
I would give anything for a transcript of this instruction manual
Let each stick this thing in the air and if it goes up then you are touching a ghost
Would you give twenty four dollars because that's what it cost to buy this thing little Egypt go society
Southern Illinois paranormal investigators have field tested several EMF meters including the k2 EMF meter and the ghost meter
We have come to the conclusion that the very best EMF reader for the price is the ghost meter
Unlike all the other EMF meat readers on the market the ghost meter indicates EMF using three modalities
Analog meter flashing LED light and sound. Oh, thank God. The sound can be turned off so that will not interfere with EVP
experiments ghosts hate loud noises, I guess
At the little Egypt ghost society Southern, Illinois recommend the ghost meter to ghost hunters and paranormal investigators
From beginners to the most experienced
I love the how they're coming at this from an angle of thriftiness because even they acknowledge like if you're gonna just
Fucking waste some money on some shit. You might as well waste the smallest amount that you
Exactly. That's yeah exactly
All right
Just to my thing is I take a quarter because that's only 25 cents and then I throw it directly in front of me
If it's trajectory is interrupted by some sort of intangible entity then I will know that a ghost has happened
Stupid ghost thinks you can still buy things for a quarter. So they'll try to catch it. They'll go crazy for it
Well, they're stupid cuz they're like I could buy a candy bar. It's like no you can't grab it
For a hundred years. Sorry, but I
Ordered this ghost detector to help me determine if I was in fact experiencing paranormal activity and cannot be more pleased
So I'm not what I'm home alone. I'm safe. Sometimes when I'm home alone
I hear creaking in the attic and noises in the closets and garages
How rich is this person? I garage or pearl garages
I've been trying to convince myself for the past two years that it's just the house
Settling but the creepy feelings kept occurring a friend of mine suggested I look into getting a ghost detector
And I looked at them and they were
a wait, oh what a friend of mine suggested I looked into getting a ghost detector and I looked at them like they were a
ghost themselves
Anyway, I discovered that I were and here's my short story. That's the end and the end by Stephen King
Anyway
Anyway, I have discovered that I do have a ghost but he or she prefers to keep to themselves and I don't have any detection
The main parts of the house because bonkers when I enter the attic thus confirmation of this paranormal activity
I highly recommend this if you're attempting to confirm the presence of this
Okay, this is but this is the last one I want to read
Real quick though. How does knowing that there are ghosts you?
You live in fear because you think there's a ghost you buy the ghost meter it pings you're like, yep ghosts
Cool, like now I know that they're step one of 20. Okay
Justin was is the next review really good. This is yes the last review. Okay
The subject is found all the ghosts
Incredible I have ghosts all around me and never knew it
I bought this meter as a joke for a friend and figured I'd try it to see if it did anything at all
Well, I was totally surprised when I turned it on and the meter started jumping all over the place
I should have known since lately. I have noticed cold spots in my house. Sure
It's January but cold spots mean ghosts, right? So I've walked around my house checking on two meter each time in my house
I seem to have haunted electrical wiring my switches outlets and plasma TV seem to be crammed full of spirits from the beyond
Maybe that is why TV sucks so bad. I would recommend this meter to anyone with haunted electrical wiring and hope they can find their
ectoplasm or hot dogs or whatever
But maybe not this is why this is why I'm afraid
whenever Justin gets a spark up his ass and buy some random shit on Amazon like fushigi balls is that you
Would write a review one day like I bought these fushigi balls as a goof for a friend and then like six months later
You're moving to Reno to do your to take your contact juggling show on the road because the thing is those those electromagnetic field
Detectors pick up any electromagnetic field including electrical wiring TVs any kind of electronics hot dogs
I guess I guess I barely have electromagnetic hot dogs, but like here's okay people
Here's the thing about buying yourself an EMF detector
The only way that you would be able to know that it didn't work is if you had a ghost sitting next to you that
You knew was a ghost you held it up, and it didn't do anything it doing something doesn't prove anything at all now
It proves the that things are worse than you could have possibly imagined. I don't wait. I didn't make sense
It says ghost meter. Let me let me explain to you why that didn't make sense it says ghost meter on it
So when it's at zero that means there's no ghosts and then when it's not on zero then
There's it goes. There's at least more than zero ghosts. Yeah, so that's what I'm saying
It's the only way that you would know that the product you as you have just bought sucks
Is if you knew conclusively that there was a ghost and it didn't show up on your ghost meter
Another fun fact about the ghost meter it comes with three folded pieces of paper
The larger one has information on ghost sightings that have been made and the other two are
advertisements for a special Asian health remedy
Sounds legit
sound about right
I got the yahoo's
Yeah, I have a yahoo this one is cinema by Kieran Devlin. Thanks Karen. It's by yahoo answers user
milk rakers local number 227 who asks my uncle Jeffert
Says his trailer park home is haunted can trailers even be haunted
What kind of low-class ghost sticks around in a fifth wheel for eternity this is the right category for this question right ghosts go in spirituality
I'm sorry Jeffert
Jeffert is it a typo? I don't want to believe it is the best name ever
I don't know why you would know listen. I'm not gonna speak ill of trailers
No, I've been in trailers before though, and I know that they are not known for their massive amounts of square footage
Yeah, it seems to me if you had a ghost in your trailer. You know it
Yeah, I know it pretty conclusively because you look up and see to the other end of your home. Yeah, there's literally it goes
Yeah, it's there's nothing there is no periphery in a trailer. Mm-hmm. You see everything all over the time
I think it's I think it's I think it's definitely haunted
Wait what I think it's definitely a haunted
You think the trailer is haunted. I think Jeffert's trailer has a real bad ghost situation
I think the problem with Jeffert is his heart seems to open the paranormal
I think you have to guard yourself against that or because that's how the devil gets in that's that was the problem
I think that's why we're probably so obsessed with ghosts is growing up in the Baptist Church. You were told that
It was where this sort of this weird double standard that
Ghosts don't exist
But if you start thinking about ghosts and stuff
Then Satan can use that as a way to trick you to get ghosts up in there to get ghosts up in there
Right exactly possessed suddenly you're possessed, so you didn't know what happened
Um do you guys straight up if you feel like you or anyone you know and love is possessed get him to the doc
Yes, see something say something
checked early and often
Do you think I?
Mean there probably are we're probably not on on point earlier when we're talking about how ghosts
Go to live in the dopest situation they can float into I imagine it goes like regular people like living people
They have different wants and needs and desires and maybe some ghosts are like Jeffert
And they they you know they appreciate the the coziness of a bagel
So you're saying like maybe this is like the ghost of Jeffert senior
I like you here. I feel comfortable here. I can I know this fight. This is where my armchair is
I get to watch my son dip. I love it
I've buried a skull in the front yard, and I can't go until you find my secret skull stash
Why do you know Griffin I'm curious in the in the fiction you've stitched together not fiction go on though
Why does Jeffert bury the skull what is Jeff?
I didn't Jeffert's dead dad buried his secret skull stash yeah effort senior the elder Jeffert mm-hmm the elder Jeff the elder
Elder Jeffert buried his secrets to skull stash in the yard
And it's it's guys. It's enormous. It's a repository of sweet tobacco
We're talking about hundreds of dollars worth of skull, and he can't leave this earth until Jeffert finds it
So is Jeff so when we're talking have you guys seen no country for old men. It's basically this
This is what I'm describing to you. Mm-hmm is the sequel
Skull buddies
Skull hunters
That that would be a pretty good plot for a new city slickers movie
The legend of Jeffert seniors the elder Jeffert's skull
I'd watch that hey, so long who answers user Emmy eight seven five and
Some other shit. I think eight seven five zero said that ghosts can attach themselves to anyone or anything
Anything they could have died on the land or a road nearby and claim that trailer home doesn't that fucking suck
That's fucking if it was me, and I died
Like I would I would be like careening towards the 18-wheeler
I would get Google Maps out real quick and just be like where am I gonna fucking ah god damn it I?
Couldn't like careening off the Hollywood Hills and like fucking chill with Will Smith for the rest of eternity. That's just great
Good
They it's the person saying that like as they're driving past this place they died and that's how it happened
That's how it happened you go to the nearest residence the nearest hauntable thing
This is why you guys if you're gonna get murdered have a conversation with your murderer first
Yeah, like maybe try to negotiate the spa, right?
Don't let him kill you like in the middle of like a downtown sketchy place
If you can get like a realtor to go along with the murderer just to like show off a few
Places and how it would be good for ghosts. I actually have a living murder will
It's a legally binding document. It took a while to set up
But basically it states that if you are going to murder me. Yeah, you need to take me to within a
Hauntable distance there has to be a Starbucks nearby, and you've got
God's signature of the head of the Assassin's Guild yeah, I got him to sign off on it. He agrees, so it's top-down
You know it's a fish Wow yeah work. Do you guys think Wi-Fi is Wi-Fi important to ghosts do you think?
Like a good strong wife like fat like real fab pipes. I
Think it becomes hard to distinguish
Yourself from the Wi-Fi signal. I think that at some point the ghost just like Johnny mnemonic. That's a good plug Dan
Yeah, if it's yeah, but can you imagine like the problem that old people have like figuring out new technology?
Can you imagine being like a ghost in like a thousand years from now and trying to cope with like the new?
Technological developments, and you're like whoa whoa what is this back in my day?
I just floated in the pipes and carried myself around the internet
If I get fucking stuck haunting someplace for a thousand years
I'll be livid those those local kids should solve my puzzle by then
I mean, okay, so Justin Griffin if you die right now with your unfinished business
That's gonna keep you around as it goes cuz mine is I haven't finished watching walking dead yet
I just I just gotta clear out my internet history gotta
Blast blast my cash. What did you hear that blast my cash?
Please I try to go incognito, but sometimes I forget blast my cash
I
Sound like it's telling us to review his cash no
Press ctrl H. Check all the boxes and go set me free blast my cash
Shrink the window down in case some words show up that don't you see please
I am I actually
Need to master the fushigi, but I'm gonna need human hands to do it
If someone need a willing host a sort of whoopee Goldberg situation. Oh
where I can them
through her hands
Master the ancient art of contact juggling who who do you think of the two people on this call?
you would
Prefer I don't want to put you in an uncomfortable place
But like to possess between the two of us Travis has larger hands. Yeah, but I think there's a better chance of
Travis losing interest
That's a good if he knows that my very eternal damnation hangs in the balance
I think Travis will try for a few hours and then just kind of blow it up
You also would then have to like just fully live through all like the horrible stuff that I do every day. Yeah
Just awful I have crooked middle fingers and I don't think that that lenses on the fushigi
It's the same reason why I couldn't do those little skateboards that you do with your hands, you know
Those things flip sure flip decks flip to flip decks
Hey, I got a question for the longest time. I've been a person of logic and as such
I've always thought the people around me were complete idiots for believing things like ghosts spirits
Spiritual energy and karma
How can I put aside my judgy feelings to put on an empathetic smile for people who get swept away in the magic?
Okay, I somehow be convinced that this stuff is plausible. That's my shrunks. I
would first like to say that
Um, you probably shouldn't like lump karma in there with ghosts. Yeah. Yeah
Mostly because that's that's like a religious thing, you know, hey, what's the deal with a ghost and karma and shit? Yeah
Jesus and all that all that jazz
You know, I literally okay. So yesterday Teresa and I we've been watching all these weird like
Documentaries as I was narrated by Linda Nimoy. We were watching one about witches and like I had this moment where I looked
I was like, do you ever think like it's so easy to be like, well, of course, this isn't real. This is stupid but like
Maybe maybe you know, maybe one day like you'll be sitting there and be like, what? Oh
Maybe that's possible and I've just never really opened my mind to it. No, no, that's dumb. That's dumb. That's dumb. Yes
you're
Hold on. So you're talking about how you let you open yourself up to these ideas of maybe being
Being real. I'm just saying like it's it's very easy
To be like no quite like okay. Let's look at it from a different way having nothing to do with ghosts
Think of like aliens. It's very easy to be like, of course, there's no aliens
That's stupid or if there were we would have seen him by now blah blah blah
And then like a hundred years from now we find aliens. It's like well
It was really easy a hundred years ago to say that wasn't it dumbasses? Yeah, but that's you gotta go with what you got to
Go on and I ain't seen a ghost to on a trill people walking the earth for it through through the fullness of time. No
Ghosts recorded proper no proper ghost recorded footage like what you're saying is like you can't you can't retrospective
You can't look back at him like yeah
It was really easy to dismiss the idea of tiny bacteria causing disease because we couldn't see him yet
Yeah, because you didn't have that information. I what I'm mostly saying is
Fucking let's all enjoy these witch free times that we have now because one day we might not be so lucky
It might be incantations and shit going around like crazy
Oh, and then we'll think back and be like
do you remember when we used to watch that movie the witches with Angelica Houston and
We would say this is so silly. Oh the movie that scared the fucking shit out of me when I was a little kid
I mean you scared of like didn't she trapped the girl in the painting the feelings that you got like when you saw Angelica Houston's
Sorry Houston's, but they put the little girl in the painting. Yeah, I don't like that one bit
Justin anything bad. Oh god. I don't want to be in a painting. Oh
Oh, let me know anywhere anywhere anywhere else if you if you had to be if you had to be in a painting
Which is not ideal
It's not the ideal situation
Where where do you want that painting to be hanging because if it's over in like the toilet room?
Then you are in for what I want to be in a broom with a girl. It would a really pretty girl
Hey, sorry. All right, and I'm also okay with any painting except Guernica. I
I don't get out. I like them. There are people out there that just got that. All right, cool
Good, I can can they email me and let me know what's up. Yep. I uh, I
Like to be in a painting fun has lots of juggy babes
Juggies from like the man show. Yeah, like sometimes you see a painting
It's got like lots up and they're kind of like old-timey. Juggie, babe. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah
I know what you're talking about, you know, like all their all their boobs look like baby heads, you know
They got kind of curly thing curly hair
Juggie babe thing going on. I think that would be a pretty good pain
When you just replace I could just replenish, you know when you go to me
I'm like get trapped in a movie poster for like we gonna burn east to when you go to
Museums Justin. I'm curious if you like I
Ask where the Botticelli
Section is and then you're like and then I just miss it specifically
I just want to see the Juggie babes of his his his Juggie babe era
Yeah, take me to the Juggie babe period and then murder me and then the security guard goes
Oh, yes, of course, sir. Follow me if you could cast some sort of wizardly spell on me to put me inside the painting
As it like a as a curse. Oh, no, I'd hate that don't put me in with the Juggie babes
No, please don't throw me into the bio patch. Yeah, I'm not I I maybe stole your gypsy treasures. They'll do this, please
I'm not saying all gypsies are witches by the way, that's
technically speaking all gypsies are not witches but
Do you guys want another regular question doing other money zone you wanna yahoo? What do we want to do?
I like money more than questions
money
Guys support for my brother my brother me comes from audible.com a provider of digital audiobooks and more
With more than a hundred thousand downloadable titles across all types of literature including fiction nonfiction and periodicals audible suggests that my brother my brother
And me listeners might enjoy the bedwetter by Sarah Silverman or not Taco Bell material by Adam Carolla
For free audiobook of your choice and a free 30-day trial membership. Go to audible podcast comm slash my brother. I
Also want to suggest some other books. Oh good
maybe what's some good Halloween suggestions you could read the novelization of
Hocus Pocus. Mm-hmm. I have the book. I have an audible is
Is Dale Carnegie's
How to stop worrying?
That's not especially Halloween thing. I guess you worry how to stop worrying about ghosts about ghosts, right?
How does that worry about being killed in front? It's it just it's is it just like him and he's like, hello
Ghosts aren't fucking real
Down you stupid your shit. Thanks. Why don't you hold your nonsense? Thanks for the $30 you stupid asshole
There's tons of Stephen King books on there. I'm listening to the talisman right now on audible. Okay, so audible schwanable. I get it
They're great Justin. Let's talk about look. Let's talk about blow up sex dolls
My favorite is the fatty patty love doll now tell me when a real treat for me lately
Okay, fatty patty if you're a fan of plus-size love the fatty patty is the doll for you
it's available at extreme restraints calm and
They're an adult superstore. They have the an
amazingly wide variety of items
But for me, it might as well think we have any any listeners still at this point that like Kira's job extreme restraints
They're like extreme restraints. What's that? What's that be? This is peculiar. This is a sex flesh. Sammy doll
I'd love to see where they're going with this one. I I
there on the sex flesh Sammy doll it is a a
a blonde woman
Depicted with two incredibly attractive people standing behind it as if they're ready to go to town on it
And hey extreme restraints calm. I love you, but let's let's all
Let's can we not can we let's all just be a little bit more honest. Okay, can we not can we just?
Fuck this raft. Oh, man. I'm gonna fuck this thing
I know that you'll find another person in the world is as ready to go as I am
I know that you're a real person with heat and bones, but can you suck on her rubber boob?
Come on, she was a star calm
This is good synergy because do you think it's possible to go down on one of these?
Blow up dolls while listening to Dale Carnegie's how to fuck
Man how to fuck right by Dale Carnegie
You know how to be a gentleman and give people like you and once you're there you need to read my son's book
He's gonna teach you how to get down
There's a picture of the sex flesh Sammy doll that is worth the trip
Even if you're not gonna purchase something because it is showing me an interior that I can not identify
It's it's all stars. It's like it's a no star. It's beautiful. I don't know
What this is is this it looks it looks like there's like a buckle in there. It looks like a scene from Solaris
It's it's it's horrifying. I can't figure out what they're showing me
The weird thing is I want a scene from inner space. I want to put my dick in it
Yeah, I got a weird thing about it. Gotta shove gotta show what I know what that glow is
If you go to extremely shades God living in the sex-flesh Sam God lives at that's that was what losses each sex-flesh
Sammy doll had someone murdered next to it. And now there's a ghost light inside. Whatever hole this is
Extreme strings calm your destination for haunted sex holes looking at it. Like I'm in all angles
I've turned my computer outside down and I got nothing. I still don't know what it is
But hey go to streamer trace calm check it out for yourself and while you're there pick something up and use the coupon code
Middle list that's in my DD le st and you're gonna get a free gift. I don't know what that's gonna be
That's in my DD le st and you're going to save 20% on your order
So make sure to get there and buy something that to fuck
You so order some sex toys and order some books, but don't get them switch
No, don't I guess don't fuck up an audio. Don't fuck a book. Okay, you guys want a yahoo, please?
This one was sent in by Steve Lewis, thanks Steve it's by a high school
musical lover
Who asks?
How do I become a ghost without dying
Hmm I want to become a ghost to creep out my friends, but I do not want to die because that might hurt any suggestions
You know, this is the problem we use today no commitment yeah, no pain no gain no dead no ghost powers
Is it if you want to freak out your friends that bad you're gonna have to die
Hey, do you want to know a great internal geek test if you heard this question you thought oh you should look into astral projection
You're a nerd and I know I thought that so I did too. Okay. Um, I was gonna suggest it
I'm glad you got to it before I did so I didn't embarrass myself. I
I can you heart I mean, okay. Here's the thing though. You can harness the power of ghosts
By just being quiet and every once in a while knocking something over when someone's not in the room
There's one ghost power there
Second ghost power you wait till someone is okay
You wait in an adjacent room while someone's drinking a beverage you wait till they turn their head
When they turn your head you sneak into the room you slap the glass across the room and then you get out of the room
Right away ghosts. Okay ghosts are there you go up into a room that no one else is in you go
There there's the ghost sounds so you're a ghost is an onomatopoeia. Yeah
That is the salad goes so go into the house of a very very stupid person while they're like the stupidest the dumbest person
The dumbest person you can find on the internet and you get some symbols while they're sleeping and you crash them over their head
And then you yell I'm not real and then you leave the room
Consider yourself to be fair. I think that that trick works out of context of ghosts or not. Mm-hmm
Just scream. I'm not real and run out of the room. You're the only one that can see me. Don't call the cops
Oh, why not just do that? Oh my god stupidest friend and welcome like I was killed today
I'm a ghost. No one else can see me. Don't tell anyone. I'm here
I need you to blow a few tens that some close friends haven't come by
Like Jimmy's right there. You can't see Jimmy and they're like what no and all the while they got that sweet tenor
He died he died today. Let's check out his browsing history. But wait, I feel like
He drew a message in the mud blast my cat
I don't understand. Did he go geocaching? What's he talking about? Oh
Wouldn't that be horrible if that was your unfinished business like you had one last geocache you couldn't find
That would be that would be horrible if that was your finished or concurrent business
Can I read the best Yahoo answer response I've ever seen on the platform
Yes, please by all means Yahoo answers user bill see responded. Oh boy
You don't know you already are a ghost all of your friends are ghosts, too. No
Just kidding with you. However, as you grow and mature your goals and thoughts will change
Thanks
Bill see might be present Bill Clinton Bill Clinton. Hey this this shits dumb, but don't worry
We've all been eventually you'll grow up. You're gonna be such a dumb. You're gonna grow out of this real dumb shit. Oh
God
Didn't you know you're a ghost are your friends you guys listen just playing listen before I need you to know
No, no serious that you can actually tell the moment in that response when the person turns their chair around and straddles it
Hey, let's get real talk. Let's get it up
We've all had a lot of fun today pretending that everyone you know is dead
So let's talk about how you're gonna grow up and change. Let's rap. Let's rap listen
Your school brought me in today to talk to you guys about the fact that you're done
Do you guys want to see me play some stunt volleyball and talk to you about drugs?
Also all your friends are dead not really cuz I just sunk this basketball shot
But now let me tell you about how you're all gonna grow up and not be so stupid 85 people
I will stunt basketball against them solo you're gonna love this, but you shouldn't love heroin to take it from me
I used to do heroin, so I got so good. Oh, I'm a motivational ghost
You and all your friends do drugs
But please don't and don't commit suicide and now I'm going to tear this phone book in half with only the power of Christ
It's ironic if you're if you are telling people not to kill himself why make it watch you do your tricks is really a zero-sum game
If you were fast you're gonna reset back to one if you were dead you couldn't see me throw this frisbee across his football field
I got a cannon that shoots marshmallows
Please don't tell your parents about this now. Why should you do all these push-ups?
So I tell you not to kill your friends guys my supervisor at work spends a fair amount of time of her weekends doing what?
She refers to his paranormal
Investigating I can tell she's deeply into it because she frequently listens to shows episodes of shows like ghost hunters at our semi
Boring office job and misses out on social gatherings to spend time in allegedly haunted buildings
I don't feel comfortable telling someone who is one step removed from my boss that something
She spends her free time engaged in is totally BS
But I also feel it's a disservice to reality to allow her to continue believing such a delusion. How would you tackle the situation?
That's from bemused in Boise, Idaho
We've had a lot of fun here today guys, but can I get serious for a second? Yeah, what is you don't owe reality?
Anything? Yeah
Let this person how much let me put it this you this way
How much better is your life?
Knowing there is someone you come into contact with who is like deeply into paranormal investigation. The answer is a
Hundred a hundred times better my life's better just from having heard you tell me about it
Because here's the thing there's there's shit that we all do, you know
Maybe it's not to the scale and it's not a delusional thing
But that's like saying to someone like you spend too much time reading your books
Like it's just what this person is into it's not affecting you in any I want to believe
Right, I think no I used to want to believe and I think that is is I miss those times
I miss those times. There's like ghosts. Maybe I'm in college. These are things that I would say out loud
I'm in college. I'm exploring my spirituality if there's any ghosts around I want them to know it's Occam's razor guys
It's ghosts. It just makes sense. I
Miss those days those sweet doe eyed days not the days when you believe but the days when you wanted the days that I
Possessed it you want to want to believe now. It's like I'm I am way too busy for that
I have way too much on my adult plate. I
Think that wanting to tell your boss like hey what you're doing is stupid is akin to like I can't believe these stupid kids
believe in in Santa Claus like
Leave your boss alone. Also, it is I think super mean to this role of a bike this thing you believe in. It's stupid
Yeah, yes, I'm out. And also do you think that your boss is like has not heard that from anyone before and she's gonna pick?
Oh, oh, I suddenly open my eyes. I didn't even consider the possibility
She may be living in an Emperor's New Clothes situation where no one has actually
pointed out the fact that ghosts aren't real or
Unless she's embezzling from the company to buy her ghost meters
maybe her
she has a very strained relationship with her son and
The only way that she copes with it or perhaps stays close to him is hunting ghosts with him
Because he's a ghost. Oh
Oh my god, how do you feel now?
You are listening to this episode and you are not sufficiently spooked you are not paying attention
You just got shivered. Sorry, you just got shivered the calls coming from inside the house
The podcast what had been dead for 30 years
What do you think about that?
Fred and I bet there's someone listening the show named Fred and they're like, oh fuck. Oh fuck
You they got me good. They shivered me when I least expected it. That's when it always happens Fred
Okay, I draw a webcomic I know I know
lame
Not lame. That's not lame. That's not editorial from web. Yeah webcomics are like are like 80% of our demographic
We have to keep our webcomic artists. Happy. I would rather alienate white people at this point
White college-aged males, I would rather alienate 18 to 24 college-aged males with podcasts addiction
Can we start reviewing our favorite way calm tablets I feel like this I feel like that would be a good expenditure
That would be a good way to spend our time. Anyway about it's about ghost hunting and bounty hunters and it's called wait for it bounty
hunters
Now I myself am a skeptic don't buy into the whole. Oh god. I don't know what it was
Therefore it must be a dead guy thing, but I love ghost stories. My question is this
What's the scariest place for a ghost to show up?
And what would you do if you saw one in said location in drawing the comic?
I have idea after idea that come up with but then I decided that it's to Scooby-Doo
Them parks museums hospitals theme parks
Man them parks
Where would the back brothers back right most not want to meet up with a scary
Boo-boo and or what is your favorite ghost story?
Okay
I want to limit this to the first part of this question because I can't tell you my favorite ghost story because it is dirty
and racist
There's like a whole like 10-minute spiel about Obamacare you wouldn't yeah, it gets raw in there
Charlie Daniels is the protagonist. Let me leave
I'll tell you where I don't want to ghost to appear. Okay, sometimes I'm in a long room or hallway and
I will I will not turn the lights on on one end because I'm just gonna be
Walking through and about halfway through I will regret it cuz it's dark
Yeah
And I'll get like so so pooped like way pooped out and then when you say that
Do you literally mean so scared that you've defecate like so scared?
No, I mean like I'm a grown man, but I would pee pants. I
Get so scared you guys ever do that. You're like a lot a dark hallway or something all the time
Like oh shit. Oh shit. I know it. I know it's on I'm routinely going into warehouses and like old shops and stuff
Yes, I I do that. That's how you guys the other place
I just thought of this way better that you definitely don't want to see it goes. Yeah at the bottom of a pool. Oh
No, no, no
Down with your mouth goes like
No
Okay, you reach the bottom level of a building the elevated doors open ghost
Right there in front of the elevator. Let me get you at this
It's an opening night of a movie midnight movie and you just waited in line
You get a big tub of popcorn and you get it and it takes you 20 minutes to get it and you paid
$8 for it, right, you know
Take it back to your seat and you got to work your way through the aisle
Like excuse me, excuse me, and then you get back to your seat and you look down and it's not popcorn. It's just a ghost
Man you that you have to go all the way back
Go back and you have to wait in line for 20 minutes because they can't let you skip and you get there
You're like, uh, excuse me. You gave me a ghost and then they say no I didn't and you look down and it's you look
Down and it's popcorn
Shivered
Shivered I'm fully shivered at this. Okay, imagine this you've been waiting for a new car. All right
I love it shopped around. Okay, you've gone through all the different financing options
You weren't sure at first because you wanted like a two-door
But then they started showing you the four doors and you're really happy with one of them
And so it's been months. You got all your financing in order you pick the right colors
You know the car you want you buy it as you're driving off the lot
You open the glove compartment ghost check this out. Check this spooky story. You wait in line at Starbucks
You're waiting and waiting waiting and then you wait and then you wait and then you get to the front and you say I want
a
grande salted caramel mocha and a benty skinny salted caramel mocha and
oatmeal with brown sugar and nuts and pumpkin bread and
Pumpkin muffin and then you reach and then he says it's gonna be
1978 and you reach in your pocket and to get your wallet, but what's in there is actually a ghost
Oh my god, I guess flip my popcorn over
You just got shamed
But this one you go to a party and because your friends say that you're gonna know a bunch of people there
And you get to it and you don't actually know
You don't actually know that many people there and then maybe there's a ghost or something
Imagine this, okay. So like you've been marinating like this roast in your crock pot for like, let's say like 20 hours
It's like a real slow roast, right? Oh my god
And you've been building up cuz you're gonna have a dinner party that okay, right and then you open the crock pot
And you didn't put enough liquids in and now the whole thing's dried out and suddenly the doorbell rings and you open and there's a ghost
And he wants to tell you about Jesus. That was good. Check this out. All right
Voting day you vote go to the polls you
Go and you vote when you drive home
You have some dinner and then you wait for the results to come in and then at the end of the night
You're looking
Mitt Romney
20%
Barack Obama
20%
60%
landslide win a ghost
We've elected our first ghost president of the United States of spooktacular America
Yeah, and you know, he's not pro-life. We're letting them ghosts vote
We give them ghosts the right to vote and they're gonna elect a ghost every time. Yeah. Hey, hey ghost
Why can't we see the death certificate?
Prove to me you died in America. I'm a death there. I
Hear that ghost died in Kenya that goes
So this is our podcast about ghosts
I want to tell you guys
I'm gonna check the mailbox the spooky mailbox. You can send this mail to a PO box
54
Huntington, West Virginia to 5706
send an attention in B&B a.m. I
We got a card from the guy who sent us the creepy
horrifying veiled death threat postcard
Oh that what a treat that was where
Travis and I were scratched out and Griffin had a heart around him had a heart around his face and it says
Sorry, I sent you a horrifying veiled death threat postcard. Enjoy the substantially less horrifying version a
Starbucks gift card and a picture of a dog with a hamster on its head. Oh
Things are forgiven. Yeah
Thanks to a cat who sent us some origami she did a horse
Many other items. We got a postcard with lots of sexual positions on it from Fred
Uh, somebody sent us
What seemed to just be an envelope full of trash?
like um
Just felt like a broken watch and a receipt. That was pretty
creepy
We got one from from
Laurel
Kate who uh who sent us a skip bow card and some micro fish
I had a picture of a bird was there a CD for a bag of local wizards. Have you looked I don't know them
But there's their free promo. Have you um
Have you looked at the micro fish? Is there like a picture of a murder on it?
Maybe it's a clue
Probably trying to crack don't throw away that skip. Oh card either because is an important codex to solve it to crack in the case
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for use for a theme song
It's a departure off the album putting the days to bed. I bet they're just fucking jamming at max funcon East right now
All right. Hey, yeah big shout out to all the people that went to max funcon East this weekend
Hopefully and remember we're recording this in the past
So hopefully you guys were not hit by hurricane Sandy and everything's cool
But if not travel so I think they're heading back today, right?
So they should I think they should be able to like just leave New England
Entirely come. Yeah, just get out of there. It just fucking come chill in Austin. No storms guaranteed. Although it's a little brisk
Yeah, that's a hundred percent. It's like 61 degrees here. It's a little it's getting a little nippy
J money you want to hit hit this audible? Yeah, let me tell you guys one more time
Support for my brother my brother me comes from audible.com provider of digital audiobooks and more
With more than a hundred thousand downloadable titles across all types of literature including fiction nonfiction friction and periodicals
I will suggest that my brother my brother and me listeners might enjoy the bedwetter by Sarah Silverman or
Not Taco Bell material by Adam Carolla for a free audiobook of your choice and a free 30-day trial membership
Go to audible podcast.com slash my brother
More like Toyota Corolla. Yikes
Take that
Podcast competition Griffin shiver me you want a final shiver me timbers. You're gonna be timbers griff. I'm ready
I'm
this final yahoo, we should really get like a
Woman with a really nice voice to read those audible things. That seems like yeah, when they'll be better
It seems like what you hear maybe she's got like a light lisp. She's got something interesting in there one last
Hey ladies out there send us mb3s if you're repeating that thing. We just said we'll use it someday
Hey, thanks one last Halloween thing if you're looking for something to do this how a week
Halloween week. Oh god
No, I I'm in Tys Andronicus at the Cincinnati Shakespeare Company. It's the Shakespeare's
Gorious play there's blood and guts everywhere. It we got a performance of it Tuesday night and Wednesday night 730
Downtown Cincinnati, so come see it
No tip don't play karyomart for two hours before going to a party where you're gonna keep on drinking for a long time
Yeah
Ladies and gentlemen, I'll hurt you guys the final question. This final yahoo was sent in by
Nicole Thompson, thank you. Nicole Thompson
So by yahoo answers user Michael F. Who asks
Shooting a ghost do you think it could work?
Need rapid response I'm
I'm Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy. I'm the ghost of Dale Earnhardt jr. And it's been me the whole time
Shit, this is my brother my brother me kiss your ghost dad square ghost dad seem ripe for a sequel then that
I'm ready for Ghost Dad 2. Let's wait till he's actually dead though. I can't fucking wait for Bill Cosby to die
