The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome to my brother, my brother made it,
vice show for the modern era of breaking news, I'm Justin McElroy.
Wait, is that the breaking news? I'm Travis McElroy.
Now I'm setting people up for breaking news.
Oh, it's a teaser.
We've got our lead video game correspondent, Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
Travis, report in, lead video game expert and correspondent, Travis McElroy.
What's the news in video games?
So I think Bill Gates is playing Minecraft now. Hold on, let me read the story.
He just joined my son's server, and he won't stop stealing all the diamonds.
It looks like, oh yep, okay, so it looks like they're gonna buy Minecraft.
You can't buy, you can't buy Minecraft, it's a world of infinite freedom
and exploration and imagination, you can't.
Yeah, don't be ridiculous, you need like 2.5 billion dollars.
I'm gonna buy all the rainbows in the world.
Oh, it looks like Bill Gates sneezed and accidentally bought Minecraft.
Yeah, it's like trying to buy all the world's wishes.
Yeah, we can't do that.
He did that too, he did that in 2010.
For two billion, a clean two billion.
I wonder why my dreams died, I thought that was connected to turn of 30,
but apparently Bill Gates bought my dreams.
It's the energy by which he sustains his life now.
But now he's using voxels, a voxel-based imagination engine.
Fucking thanks for that Bill, Bill G.
I've long suspected that the rich are not concerned about global warming
because they have another, they have an escape plan that they're not telling us about,
that's why they're accumulating that vast wealth
to make an ark from which to leave the earth and possibly the solar system.
Do you think that Minecraft is actually the vehicle
by which the world's rich are going to exit this planet?
They're going to basically join the mind stream.
Hold on, are you talking like toys level shit?
Where like we all think it's a game but really we're terraforming a far off planet
and it's all real or they're going to like matrix into the Minecraft world?
They're matrixing into Minecraft.
Which weird movie are you referencing?
What I'm saying is that my, I'm not, this is completely from my mind.
This is like from my mind's eye.
I think that America and the world's rich are going to download their ego into Minecraft
and that will become the new utopia of the rich.
So more like Captain Inn or more like-
Stop trying to fucking put my genius in a pop culture box.
I just wanna know, is it like Cool World?
Like what are we looking at?
It's nothing like Cool World.
It's kind of like Cool World.
It's kind of like Cool World.
Are we talking about a snow dog situation?
Are we talking about a snow dog situation?
What about Out to Sea?
Okay, have you seen A Walk Among the Clouds?
Uh-huh.
I've seen Boat Trip.
Okay, have you seen Boat Trip?
With Kuba Gooding Jr.
Okay, it's like that.
It's kind of like that.
It's kind of like that.
Straight talk.
This is the fucking dumbest and worst thing ever $2.5 billion for a 300 year old game.
Why didn't they email me?
Hey Griffin, can we get you to sign off on this one?
Ooh, 2.5 million.
Yeah, that's not a bad idea.
Sorry, dog, reread that letter.
Oh no, that's far too much money, Bill Gates.
Hey Griffin, is it 2007?
Should we buy Minecraft?
Is it 1991?
Notch was just born.
I'm going to buy his product ahead of time for $2.5 hundred.
Sounds great.
That's a great decision.
That's a great decision.
It's called the ground floor.
You are on a spaceship overlooking the building because that building is a billion years old.
And you just spent $2 for every year that that game has been on the earth.
Bring it to a scale we can all understand, right?
My maximum fund scooped up my brother, my brother and me, the brand in April of 2011.
For $750 million.
For $750 million.
If they came to us now with $750 million, I would spit in Jesse Thorn's face.
I would spit in his face.
I would say, look at who you're talking to.
Mm hmm.
Bring the car around, right?
Like, I would, but because we're, I mean, I'm massive.
I guess massive would be the word.
But what Microsoft has done, Microsoft did the equivalent of coming to my brother, my
brother and me in two thousand two hundred and eleven and trying to buy the property.
When we're more of a religion, wild science-esque religion.
Yeah, we're just, our energies are contained within crystals.
You light a magic torch behind it and we are projected into the world and then we say some
shit about a horse.
Uh, no, it's really bad.
I don't have a video game podcast anymore, so I'll just have to tell you, to my brother,
my brother and me audience, that's a crazy thing.
Yeah.
It would be like coming to the Beatles now and saying, I want to sign the deal.
I just played, I played the Beatles rock band and I, I had never heard of you guys before,
but I love your stuff, so I will need to buy all of you.
I mean, that is what Apple did.
Apple did do that.
Uh, bad businesses.
Apple did that to you, too, though.
I feel bad for you, too.
Apple, Apple went to you, too, and said, we'll give, is any man gonna buy your new album?
And you two said, oh, Blimey, probably not, Gov.
And then, uh, uh, Steve Jobs Jr., the new president was like, uh, what if we gave it,
what if we forced everybody to take it?
Oh, Gov, Blimey, that'd be great.
You'll have to give us some money.
How many dollars?
Catorce.
Fourteen dollars?
I was never quite clear on that, right?
How about a hundred?
I thought catorce was just like a number and you can make it mean whatever you want it to mean.
No, it's Spanish for 14.
Like, you know, like supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, right?
You just count up, it's like one, two, three, and then a number that can mean any number.
Higher than three, right?
The first iPod I ever owned was a secondhand U2 themed iPod that came with discography on the iPod.
Yeah, they've been sucking that tea for a long, long time.
Should we, uh, do advice?
Yeah, don't buy Minecraft.
Don't buy Minecraft.
I mean, buy the game.
It's a great game.
Don't buy the game because you don't have to buy the game because it's free.
You paid 2.5 million dollars.
That's a horrible business model.
I'm gonna buy McDonald's and also they give burgers away for free.
Overhead.
Who cares?
Who gives a shit?
Who gives a shit?
Questions.
Questions.
I've been happily married for two years, but I could not come up with a passable way to address
my mother-in-law.
I know people usually call their mother-in-law mom or mother or just call her by this name,
but it kind of freaks me out.
Due to this situation, I usually avoid addressing her directly,
which requires a good amount of effort in social gatherings.
I try not to call her out directly, e.g. if we're on the same dinner table and she has the salt
shaker in front of her, I would do without the salt shaker for that entire meal.
That is cool.
She's like a server standing just looming over the salt shaker.
Can I get the salt?
Uh, nevermind.
Hey, why do you always have gravy on your sleeves?
Well, it's because I'm a far reacher.
How can I overcome this problem, brothers?
And there's a name here.
Patrasche just put this person's real name and that's not what we do.
Especially not in this situation.
We'll call them, we'll call them naughty in Nebraska.
Naughty in Nebraska.
Fine.
Probably doesn't have anything to do with their question.
That's the best nomenclature in Nome, Alaska.
Horny and Corpus Christi.
What do you guys call your mother-in-law's?
Linda.
Justin.
Uh, you know, I've been,
I've been getting more into mom.
I've been saying mom more often.
I found myself saying mom more often just because we've been family for a long time.
It seems weird to say Mary.
Let me ask you this.
Since-
It was a pretty natural thing that it's something I forged.
It just seemed-
Yeah.
Since baby Chuck, did that evolve?
Like, did she take on a grandmother type name from you?
I've heard that before.
No, I mean, probably as Chuck's older, I need to talk to Chuck now.
I don't need to talk to Chuck at all.
Some people talk to her and I'm like, she doesn't get it.
That's weird.
Stop wasting your breath.
But like, I, no, I mean, it just sort of happened over time.
I will admit, like, the first time it has to be like a conscious decision, I think.
Like, I'm gonna say this now and it's gonna be kind of weird, but I'm just gonna like go for it.
And then after that, like, it wasn't that strange.
I mean, sometimes I say mom, sometimes I say Mary.
It just kind of depends on the situation.
Can I hit you guys with something I've been thinking about?
Yeah.
Why don't you just call, if you've got a mother-in-law or a father-in-law, just call them law.
Just call them law.
And like, you could use it.
It's gender neutral and you can just use it whenever you want.
And I think, I mean, it sounds tight if someone was like, hey, law.
And I'd be like, yes, that's me.
I am the law.
Thank you for saying that.
You could go with like law mom and law dad.
Nope, you can't.
Just law, but doesn't that get confusing?
It's like, wait, me law or her law?
No, it's context sensitive, Travis.
You don't always have to explicitly say who the subject of any sentence is.
People are smart enough to figure it out.
It's like when you say you, that can mean like anybody.
Or when you say Linda and you're in a room with a few Lindas in it.
Maybe you're at a Linda convention.
Maybe you're at LindaCon 2014.
Exactly.
Maybe you're the hired entertainment and maybe you should have practiced your songs a little bit.
Hi, I'm Linda Ronstadt and thank you for bringing me here.
I'm a Linda Ronstadt cover, Linda non-stat.
Are there any Lindas in the house tonight?
Lindas, let me hear you.
You know what name I really like is Linda.
It sure is great to be back in Corpus Christi, Texas.
This is a tough one.
I mean, I just, I have dropped the honorifics almost entirely for my life
because people have names for a reason and it's just to let you know where they fit
in the great big old filing cabinet we call the earth.
Isn't that right, guys?
But I think the best advice is to ask her.
Be like, hey, oh, that's a cool conversation.
Can I call you mom?
That's not a fucking relationship bender.
Make sure you're covered in-
Excuse me.
Can I, excuse me.
You're on your knees pulling her apron.
You're covered in food.
Can I call you mommy?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I thought this was kind of a throw it at the wall,
see what sticks kind of conversation, but I didn't know you guys already had the answer.
We don't have the answer.
Listen, a lot of times on this show, you've been a part of this program for a long time now,
Travis, you should know that we don't always have the answers,
but we do know the absolute wrongest answer.
And I believe that you certainly got the square right.
Well, let me, okay, so let me take another shot of this.
Okay.
If you're at a point where you're not sure, then you should just call her by her name.
Do you know her name?
That is actually decent advice.
Because, I mean, right now, I think it's like saying I love you.
If you're not ready to call her mom or mother or anything like that, then don't do it.
Because it's not at that point yet.
I would say two years seems like a long time,
but in the grand scheme of things, it's still pretty new.
I honestly just got to a point where my mother-in-law had done me so many solids
over our time together as relatives that if I didn't start calling her mom,
I was going to start feeling really guilty.
Yeah.
Like, listen, you cannot be married anymore.
You have like brought me, you've brought a McDonald's breakfast to the hospital like
seven days in a row for me.
So I'm just promoting you to mom.
Congratulations.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
Yes.
You didn't answer.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I do.
I was thinking about it.
You asked and I figured.
Just across the board, we got really good questions this week.
Okay.
I really love them.
Thanks for ruining the surprise.
Okay.
This Yahoo was sent in by Scuba Steve,
and it's, I think, a pretty great transition off the last question.
And that's by Yahoo Answers user Tony, who asks, is memory foam bad for sex?
Thinking of getting either a memory foam mattress or a topper.
Update.
Also, I mean, good sex, not boring sex.
Thanks for any insight.
Oh, well, I'm quite clarified because memory foam is great for boring sex.
I mean, I don't want to show my hand, but I make love like I'm slowly being absorbed by quicksand.
I don't want.
I don't want.
Here's the problem.
You can use a memory foam mattress.
It'll make sex better.
But only if you get a memory foam mattress after you've been having sex for a while.
Because if you have sex for the first few times on a memory foam mattress,
and then later you're still having sex on it,
you're going to look at those previous indentations and think,
ugh, what was I doing?
Memory foam remembers.
Don't remember that.
What's with all the elbow imprints?
What was I doing?
The weird thing is when you plug your memory foam into your computer
and you download all of the information
and it gives you all the stats off of your previous lovemaking sessions.
Yeah.
Hey, it's me, Clippy.
Good number of pumps there, Trout.
You want me to keep track of your pumps?
It's me, Clippy.
I'll track your pumps for you, Trout.
Hey, have you tried Minecraft?
What if it's-
I see you added a swerve, Trout.
That's fantastic.
You need to see a doctor, Trout.
We can take the virus alerts.
Hey, Trout, you need to compensate for the angle, Trout.
You know what I'm talking about.
You need to run a McCaffrey virus check, buddy.
Can't help but notice not cuddling afterwards, you jackass.
What if he ran it and his erect penis had a red squiggly line underneath it?
Oh, boy.
You spelled oh incorrectly.
I mean, none of us own a memory foam, right?
I know that we're making a lot of-
I know we're making a lot of money on this show, but not that Minecraft money.
No.
It seems to me, though, like it wouldn't be ideal unless for some reason while you fuck,
you like to have glasses of wine all around you that you don't want to spill over onto yourself.
It's so funny to me because it seems like 40 years ago, the thing was like water,
you know, water mattresses.
Yeah.
What are those called?
Water beds.
Water beds.
Which is like the polar opposite of memory foam.
Memory foam is like, oh, you can like bounce a bowling ball and nothing happens.
And like a water bed is like, oh, you moved your elbow
and you flipped the other person out of the bed.
Yeah.
Well, I think that making love, when you make love in a memory foam,
you are nullifying a lot of the earth's natural physics and effects
and a lot of the simple machines featured in a traditional mattress.
And I think that, I mean, I love extreme restraints,
but I get by with those simple machines.
You know what I mean?
Springs, levers.
Screws.
Thank you.
Inclined planes, things like that.
And in a memory foam, you are floating in the negative zone.
You know what I mean?
You are imprisoned in the negative zone.
And you and Zod making love.
Making love.
And that can be pleasurable.
Kneel before Zod.
But I don't think it works for everyone.
But isn't that true of all lovemaking, Griffin?
Maybe one man's memory foam is another man's sleep number bed.
Is another man's inflatable camping mattress.
Sleep number bed would be great because I have always wanted a fuck number.
That's something they do not feature in the advertisements.
But you say, what's your sleep number?
28.
What's your fuck number?
35.
Yes.
And then someone's like, is that the number of people you've slept with?
And it's like, no, that number is zero.
I just know my fuck number in preparation for that special day.
They find that for you in the store.
That number is zero and looking.
Ladies.
Zero plus.
And then you say, why is it zero?
And he says, true love waits.
And it was a commercial for true love waits the whole time.
Okay, guys.
Marry, fuck, kill.
Are you ready?
Sleep number.
Yeah.
Memory foam.
Yeah.
Craftmatic adjustable.
Oh, my God.
I didn't kill the craftmatic just because it would kill you, I think, to try and make
that two back piece up on that.
You get fold up like a panini.
The sexiest panini.
Did you see someone did that with us in the Facebook group?
I asked them.
Did I win?
Did I win?
Nobody won.
It was the worst.
I often crash on friends' couches because I don't like driving drunk.
Good for you.
My friends are always cool with this because they'd rather me crash at their place than
into another car or in a jail or into a jail.
My issue with this is that I can't sleep with pants on.
I usually get under a blanket, slip off my pants, sleep in just a shirt and undies.
My question is this.
Am I making myself too at home when I do this?
Or is this okay as long as I don't walk around their home in my undies?
That's from sleepless when I have pants on in Birmingham, Alabama.
Oh my God, I have done this move.
I know.
Oh me?
I'm a gentleman.
I'm sleeping in my pants.
As soon as the lights are off, the covers are on, those pants are outskis.
Can we talk about Bachelor in Paradise?
Just for a second.
Just for like, give me 45 seconds to please talk about that.
You get a 45 second visa.
In the finale, there is this couple, Sarah and Robert.
There is this couple, Sarah and Robert, and you could tell that Robert wasn't feeling it.
I think he just liked that good Paradise scene.
He liked being a part of the beach scene.
They went to the fantasy suite on their last day there and nothing happened.
I knew that it was a whole situation because Sarah was like,
yeah, Robert slept in the bed with me.
He never took his jeans off.
I was like, that's not love.
That's not intimacy.
That is what a murderer does.
Nobody can be comfortable in jeans.
Nobody can be comfortable in jeans.
If you're doing this frequently enough that you had to write into a comedy
advice podcast to ask us about it, maybe you need to start carrying like a little
overnight bag with you when you go to parties at friends houses
and take some like comfy sleep pants.
Yeah, that's the secret that I have.
I bring sleep shorts with me.
Where?
What?
Because he's everywhere he goes.
He's got everywhere.
Well, if I'm going to be sleeping in another locale, I bring sleep shorts.
So, you know, like, I don't think I basically bring huge basketball shorts.
He's he's I don't think he's ever planning on sleeping at the maybe you need.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
You don't want to carry a fucking gym bag around with you to the to the bars.
You know what I mean?
But you can sew your seeds of comfortable pants at all of the houses of your friends
that you think you are going to pass out at.
Oh, like a hide a key like you bury it in the yard.
Yeah, you're going to get probably pay a nominal fee for this service of rent for your shorts.
And then you place that strategically at a dozen locations.
You know, fuck, I'm I'm real, real fucked up.
I'm going to go to sleep, but I can't.
I've got my jeans on.
And they'll be like, Don't worry, Bryce, because you planned for this.
You planted this pants seed.
And now you get to reap the sweet rewards of it.
You change into those comfy, dry shorts and you feel the breeze on your legs and you sleep.
You sleep the sleep angels.
Sometimes I just go full nude.
No, you don't.
No, no, you don't.
You would never.
You wouldn't.
And you haven't.
Don't lie to be cool.
Well, you've been in you have both been in hotel rooms with me where you have seen me
go to bed as a shorts clad gentleman.
You son of a bitch, that was a place of trust.
That was a place of belief and safety.
I'm sorry, Justin, but that's a huge difference between being in a hotel room that you've
paid to be in and just go and commando on your friend's couch where he also watches.
I don't know, Bachelor in Paradise, it sounds like.
Yeah, that's weird.
That's weird.
Is it worse or better?
Worse.
It's 100 times worse.
What I did was worse.
No.
Balls on the couch is worse.
So you're more you're very, very comfortable with my naked body, is what you're saying.
You're very, very, very comfortable with Justin.
At this point, yes, I mean, I've grown up with it.
It's 30 years in the making.
Yeah.
When I look at your naked body, Justin, on Reddit.
Thank you.
When I look at your Reddit nudes, I basically I just feel like I'm looking at my body.
You know what I mean?
Like genetically, like it's it's that's those are my that's my scrotum.
Say it.
Say the word.
Finish it.
It's my scrotum, basically.
I can't stress enough.
This is triply not OK if you're in either briefs or really loose fitting boxers.
Now that's drunk passed out on our friend's couch in briefs is not the best scene.
I think I think boxers is a is a horse of a different color compared.
I'm talking those loose fitting, like really thin.
There's nothing keeping the fly together ones.
You're in boxer briefs.
You've got it.
You got full coverage and it's almost like you're wearing tiny shorts.
Exactly.
I want to actually can I bring up a related underwear issue?
And I'm hoping that either you guys or listeners can help me with this.
When I buy boxers and I wear boxers from excuse me.
When I wear boxers, I like the boxers that have like stretch to them,
like are a fabric that has some flexibility and stretching.
And I keep buying boxers that don't have that that are just like a solid,
stiff fabric with no flex or stretch.
And I don't know how to avoid it.
Is there some sort of language that I should be looking for on the packaging
that tells me that I'm getting the kind of boxers I like?
Am I alone here?
You got to look at what the material is.
Well, now you look at what I'm looking for,
because I bought a hundred percent cotton that are both swung both ways.
There should be a sticker on the package somewhere that describes its viscousness rating.
That is true.
I've never seen that.
Where are you buying these shorts again?
Again, everywhere we're online.
I thought maybe paying.
I thought maybe like the cheap ones were the ones that didn't have any sort of stretch to them.
No, no, no.
It's like sometimes you could buy expensive ones that don't have any stretch.
Go to Target.
They bind.
Go to Target.
They'll let you just take one out of the package and then you throw it at the wall
and then tell me, call me when that happens and I'll tell you where to go from there.
Okay, good.
If you don't mind, I'm going to get you on the horn beforehand,
just because I don't want to get into a situation where
I'm just a guy throwing underwear at a wall and not a guy throwing underwear at a wall and talking.
Well, not any wall at the underwear wall.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
There's a wall.
Listen, there's going to be a wall in Target.
You're fucking 42 years old.
How do you not know this?
How do you not know about underwear walls and viscousness ratings?
See your first day.
Read a book.
Have you been living with uncomfortable genitals your whole time here on earth?
I'm going to check my underwear right now.
Okay.
No, they're binding.
They're binding.
Okay.
These are binding.
Okay.
Oh, I hate that.
I would be uncomfortable with that level of detail,
but it's basically my underwear and balls too.
Let's go to the money sign.
Speaking of undies.
Speaking of undies.
Oh man, that is not intentional.
But hey, me undies.
I'll tell you what I need to do.
You know what I need to do?
I need to just go to meundies.com slash my brother
and get some of the best underwear on earth.
I talk about how this ruins my day wearing bad underwear.
Me undies is going to scoop me up in the most delectable,
comfortable underwear I've ever owned and whisk me away.
And if I go to meundies.com slash my brother,
I'm going to get 20% off my first order.
Fuck yeah.
And then you're going to love it, Justin.
You know what the viscousness rating on these undies are?
A plus.
Infinite?
Well, not infinite.
That would just be like wearing a cloud.
Wearing mood slime.
No, it's going to feel so great.
It's a delectable weave.
You're going to love how these undies-
A delectable weave?
You're going to love how these undies feel on your breezeway.
I guarantee it.
And it's not just undies.
They've got like t-shirts and stuff too.
They've got pretty much your under clothes, it's covered.
Men, women, everyone.
You can take a t-shirt and you can flip it upside down
and put your legs through the arm holes
and use that as underwear.
And it's still going to feel better than the bullshit joke ass
underwear that you're wearing right now.
I'm looking at the banner across the top of the me undies website
and it threw me for a second because it says men, women, more.
And then I thought it said refer, but it said refer.
And that was a much different thing you can buy.
We got you.
What do you need?
Shirts?
Underwears?
Did you need a little bit-
Did you want a tank top or a dank top?
Did you want underwear or did you want pot?
They got seat clothes too,
so if you're looking for something to drunkenly pass out in, covered.
Or in a fog of that seat, see Sticky Mary Jane.
Your pass out game is going to increase tenfold.
I guarantee it.
I'm on their website buying underwear right now
and I also have to say that they have some really attractive models.
Men, women, whatever kind of butts you want to look at,
they have got them here for you.
Butts and butts and butts and butts.
Butts for miles.
Bait for days.
They literally made all the models line up
and form a human wall of butts for three and a half miles.
Butts for miles.
That's my-
Okay, so anyway, that's me undies slashing my brother.
Go there, get 20% off,
get freaking comfortable for once in your life.
Please.
How can you buy more undies?
Well, I'm glad you asked.
If you knew 72 hours from now that you'd have $35,000,
what would you do with it?
I would quit this stupid fucking podcast.
Hands down.
Hands down.
Maybe more normal people,
maybe they could pay off credit cards
or start a business or a home improvement project.
Why would you want a project about home improvement?
Oh man, I fucking threaded the needle.
I don't get a lot of the MVP jokes of the show.
So it feels really good when I know that
I just really fucking nailed it.
And I had the one that like,
we're gonna do the YouTube breakout video for.
I fucking love it.
It never happened.
So I know it just happened and it feels great.
Well, if you're looking to start on a big project,
I think Prosper is gonna be your answer.
Yeah.
Tell me about Prosper, Travis.
I mean, it's a little hard.
It's a financial thing.
So it's a little hard to explain on a comedy podcast.
But basically the concept is it's like a peer to peer lending.
So say, you know, I'm moving cross country and I say,
I think that this is gonna end up being, yes.
I think this is gonna end up costing me $20,000.
I don't have $20,000.
You sure don't.
But I go to a bank and I say,
hey, I need $20,000 to move.
And they're like, yeah, that's not really
the kind of loan we give out, right?
In the olden days, I'd be done.
That would be it.
And like, well, I guess I'll wait two years
and save the money, right?
But with Prosper, I just go on Prosper
and I make a post, you know,
I make a listing that say, I'm looking for this.
So then everybody, the lenders on Prosper
are all other Prosper users.
So they go, okay, great.
This seems like a good investment.
He's got a good rating.
He's paid back his other stuff.
I'm gonna do this.
And then you give that person a loan
and they pay you back.
So basically it cuts out the middleman of the banks
and makes it so that you are loaning your money
and getting that money paid back.
I like the sound of this.
Yeah, I mean, it's a genius idea.
Basically, you'll never have to set foot in a bank.
There's no outrageous fees, no raising interest rates.
I think it's brilliant.
If you go to prosper.com slash my brother,
you can check your rate instantly
and it won't affect your credit score.
And they're offering NBNBA listeners
a $50 visa prepaid card when you get a loan.
There's some text we have to read here,
so let me do that.
There's some text we have to read here, so let me do that.
Other restrictions apply.
See cipher program and visa prepaid card details.
All personal loans are made by Web Bank,
a Utah Chartered Industrial Bank member FDIC.
Equal housing lender.
Go check it out.
I hope it, I hope.
Does it still legally apply?
It still legally applies.
Okay.
What is this voice?
Sorry, I missed the intro to this voice.
It's several voices combined.
It's female Woody Allen and also jerky voice apparently.
I have a favor to ask everybody.
Well, not a favor because a favor makes,
it sounds like I'm asking you to do something unpleasant.
What I'm asking you to do will be most pleasurable.
I guarantee it.
I want you to check out-
Griffin guarantees your pleasure.
I want you to check out the Lovecraft Brewing Company.
They are, they got a Kickstarter campaign going right now
to open up a farmhouse style craft brewery up Washington.
And they are crafting beers that are all Lovecraftian in nature
like the Hypnos IPA, the Elder God Beer de Gard,
a lot of Bruce Hulu barley wine, a lot of really, really great stuff.
So yeah, they are raising money.
They have asked for our help to signal boost their campaign.
And they have a lot of really great rewards for backers.
They've got a couple of limited edition prints, coasters,
t-shirts, glassware, and lots of different levels.
And if you live in Washington, you should help out with this anyway
because I mean, I'm sure it's going to be delicious,
I mean, I'm sure it's going to be delicious, but also-
It would also be nice for Washington to finally get like a craft brewing company.
You know, something that scene, it's ready to start.
It's time to start a craft brewing company in Washington finally.
Yeah, for once.
So anyway, yeah, Lovecraft Brewing.
Check it out on Kickstarter, Facebook, or Google.
Great.
Kevin Locky, I got a message for you from Nicholas Bale.
He says, hey Kevin, you board game playing goof.
I couldn't think of what to get you for your birthday.
So here's a message from me to you.
Happy birthday.
All right.
Enjoy this message from the three wisest brothers I know
sent one month before your special day, so it's probably late.
You're a cool guy who's fun to game with
and I hope this year is your best yet.
Listen, Nicholas, don't fucking throw shade on us.
So it's probably late.
Maybe it's not late.
I thought that was Nicholas throwing shit on himself and saying-
I got a podcast for you.
I didn't get in quick enough because I know I have to request them
like eight months in advance.
Yeah.
I got a podcast for you on this network.
If you want to throw shade, it's called Throwing Shade.
And I think your brand of comedy will be more welcome there, Mr.
It's also a great show.
It's also a really good show.
It's like fun to listen to, but still also-
You turd.
Thanks for your money.
Thanks for the money and happy birthday, Kevin.
Thanks for your turd money.
Thanks for the turd money, Nicholas.
It smells like turds, but it spins like gold.
Hi, my name is Ruchikesh Hereway
and I have a podcast called Song Exploder.
In each episode, a musician takes apart one of their songs
and piece by piece tells you the story of how it was made.
You get an inside look into the creative and technical process
and a unique view of a song by hearing just the drums
or just the guitars or say just a Wurlitzer piano.
If you're a fan of music, if you make music,
or if you just like to learn how things are made,
come check it out on Maximumfun.org.
Thanks.
I got a Yahoo here.
All right.
And it was sent in by a level 300 Emerald member shaman,
Drew Davenport.
Yeah, Drew.
Thank you, Yadru.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, Hazza, who asks,
what do you think Brutus would reply to see the song
Et Tu Brute?
I'm doing a project based off the fault in our Stars movie
poster.
The top cloud says Et Tu Brute.
The bottom cloud would have to be something after that.
I was going to use Et Tu Caesar, but I don't think that
makes much sense.
Nope.
What would be a good relatively short quote to put?
Doesn't have to be a real quote.
Also, if you have better quote instead of the Et Tu Brute,
something having to do with Brutus and Cassius,
that would also work.
So we're helping this person do homework, it sounds like.
And it sounds like it's an English teacher who's trying
to be fun, I guess.
I'm thinking like Et Tu Brute?
Yeah, Et Tu Brute.
Yeah.
Maybe?
That would be like Et Three Brute.
No, I don't think that's how Latin works.
I love the play.
I think it's the only Shakespeare play I've ever been
and I played Casca.
You were excellent, by the way.
Thank you.
I don't want to brag, but I was fucking awesome.
And I got really good reviews from the New York Post.
But I do think that it could be improved if when Caesar's like,
you did this, this is how you do me.
If Brutus was like, yeah, you basic bitch.
You've just been Brutus.
Travis, you've done a lot of like-
And starring Aaron Paul as Brutus.
You've done a lot of like Shakespeare bullshit,
a lot of follies in your life.
So you're probably better at Latin than I am.
How would you say in Latin?
Yeah, that's right.
You basic bitch.
Ath they, ite re, ou ye.
No, you didn't do it.
Come on.
That was low, low, low hanging fruit.
I went on Google Translate.
You went on Dad Joke Translate.
It'll change your regular jokes to dad jokes.
Do you know what I mean?
Like that scene-
It's a real talk, but real talk.
There's so many amazing quotes from Caesar
that why would you pull the one that's basically like,
really, Brutus?
Really, dog?
Really?
That's the line where like, yeah, this is Brutus.
Because he put it in Latin, this is just brilliant writing.
He's just saying, you too, Brutus?
Yeah.
Like, yeah, let's do it.
What if he'd be like, what if in response Brutus is like,
it's pronounced Brutus.
You dummy.
Everybody's been-
This is why you get stabbed.
You don't know anyone's name.
Everybody's been saying it the whole play.
Your last words is a fuck up.
And then you get him again.
Why did you just start speaking Latin?
We're Roman.
Did the knife hit the part of your brain for English?
Do you guys think in plays,
the person who plays Julius Caesar thinks like,
for like a second, every night before the stabbing scene,
thinks like, what if one of these jokesters has a real knife
and thinks about like, I might get stabbed for real though.
But then the show must go on, so you just gotta lie there and die.
Oh God, what a believable, stirring performance that'd be.
If I was playing Julius Caesar,
I'm the sort that every night before I get stabbed,
I would think, maybe not tonight.
Then what am I going to say in the play though?
Fight them off?
Uh-huh.
Maybe this night, maybe tonight I'll win.
I'll make a-
Maybe tonight they won't make a heel turn,
and it'll just be at work,
and I'll just pop out like nobody's business.
You hear, speak hands for me.
You pull out a fucking bow staff, a couple of sighs,
like, nope, fuck your hands.
Yes, and.
Yeah, that would be fucking tight.
That would be sweet, right?
Is the fault in our stars a reference to Julius Caesar?
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
Travis.
I mean, I've been doing Shakespeare for the last five years,
but I haven't been paying attention.
No, not that close of attention.
I've just been coasting.
You've been floating on that me undies weed.
I got a question for you guys.
Often when I arrive at the office or a restaurant,
I want to wash my hands because the subway is a little gnarly.
I usually lock the bathroom door when I do this,
but since I'm not using the toilet
and I'm only in there for a minute,
locking the door feels pretty useless.
But if I stop locking the door, what if someone walks in?
Should I keep locking the door only when hand washing
or risk a weird moment to avoid the hassle?
Listen, we can, that was from Gmail.
We can burn through this one in 20 seconds.
You shouldn't lock the door
when you go to the bathroom to wash your hands,
because why wouldn't you want to brag about the fact
that you're washing your hands?
I can't envision a scenario in which someone walks in
and you've got soapy hands and it's like,
uh, I don't know, don't know.
God, you tell no one.
You take this to your grave, Steven.
Situation for me would be a little more like,
come on in, come check this clean boy.
I'm doing the nails too.
This isn't just a water rinse.
I did the soap and everything.
No one's gonna walk in and be like,
is that soap on your hands or come?
On the other hand, I also don't know what the scenario is
where someone walks up, they try the knob, it's locked,
and then you walk out and they go,
you were just washing your hands, weren't you?
Well, what if it's a freak?
Okay, what if it is a single serving bathroom, right?
No stalls, no stalls, no area stall to be seen.
And somebody just like tests the door.
It's open.
They already have their pants around their ankles.
They turn around, do a flip 180, pop down on that toilet,
start just tearing the lever off,
and then they realize that you are in there.
I think that the concern is more like,
I'm in this physical space where dumps happen.
To be honest, I don't know why you wouldn't just lock the door.
Because you want people to see you washing your hands.
I just-
Maybe announce as you're walking in,
I'm just washing my hands, so I'm not gonna lock the door,
but please don't come in and start pooping while I'm in here.
Yeah.
See you all in like, tops 45 seconds.
I don't understand people who don't lock the door reflexively.
Just like, thank God, finally, a few moments of peace.
Just a few moments to myself away from the rest of them.
A few moments of peace.
I'm with you, Justin.
Just lock the door.
I guess.
No one will judge you for locking the door,
but it will be weird if someone walks in and you're in there.
Even if you're just washing your hands,
especially if it's a small, like there's just a sink and a toilet in the bathroom,
and they walk in and it's like,
oh, sorry, I didn't know anyway.
Because they'll see you and think,
if I had walked in 10 seconds earlier, they might still be peeing.
I would have seen Dong, yes.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
What are you doing, you sicko?
Why do you want me to see you do that thing?
Unless they see you walk in and they can time out,
like, oh, it's only like 35 seconds.
Probably just washing his hands.
Because everyone times it out no matter what you say.
And also, why did you wash your hands if you didn't use the bathroom?
Did you kill somebody?
Killer?
Hey, Steve, have you noticed that Jerry washes his hands every morning when he comes in?
What's his deal?
I don't know, but he's not pooping.
I timed it out.
Look at my logs.
Stop it.
Do another question.
Yeah.
Over the past few weeks in university,
I've noticed several people, both men and women,
sitting their disgusting bare feet on the back of chairs in front of them during lectures.
How do I nicely and subtly let these people know
they are human monsters who need to stop?
That's from the barefoot belligerent.
You gotta tell on them to the teacher.
Excuse me, teach.
Hey, teach.
I don't want-
Yo, teach.
Beat these feets.
I'm trying to make friends over here and have a great college experience,
but Brenda won't get her fucking dirty feet off the table.
This little piggy went to disgusting.
Mm-hmm.
I'm trying to enrich myself with education.
I feel like this is a much bigger problem.
Whenever I go to a movie theater,
I feel like two out of three people are putting their feet up.
Maybe not bare feet, maybe still in shoes,
but up on the back of the seats.
And it's like, were you born in a barn?
Like who, why would you do that?
It's so upsetting to me.
Why would you think like, this is a cool thing.
I know I'm in public and this is like-
Because it feels-
A place where a bunch of other people hang out.
It feels so good.
It also feels good not to wear pants.
I'm not going to do that listening to a lecture.
Is the problem with this that we, the decent people of the world,
are just not speaking up enough?
Does this person owe it to the rest of us to just stand up and say,
put your shoes on and put your feet down?
Oh, and maybe the person will be like, thank you.
I was waiting to see.
Nobody said anything.
I never had boundaries before.
My parents didn't, they were like helicopter parents,
but they never like trained me in how to be a decent human.
Thank you for giving me boundaries.
Now I know.
The person stands up and turns around.
It was Jason Mraz.
He says, you set me free.
He turns ethereal and floats into the air and he evaporates.
You ever see people with their bare feet up like on dashboards
in like the passenger seat?
I got to hoot the passenger seat,
but like feet up on the dashboards on long drives.
That pisses me out too.
No, I mean, that was fine.
Not as much, not as much, but it's still troubling.
Do you ever Google pictures of the bare feet of the guy from Dashboard Confessional?
Yeah.
Chris Carrabba's.
Do you ever Google pictures of the bare naked ladies?
I'm going to just real quick and treat myself.
Hey, on that note, Google, if I could ask everybody Googling a favor,
it would be great if anytime I do a Google search on an actress,
Or any human woman.
Any human woman, the very, very, very first auto complete response was not feet.
That would be like amazing.
If I could just like investigate the career of Miss Juliana Margulies,
like on my own accord and find out like when the year she was active on ER,
that sort of thing, without like the very first response being pictures of her feet,
that would be like the best for me.
I gotta tell you, Justin, it's both sides of the aisle too,
because if you type CH into Google, it autofills Chris Carrabba's feet from Dashboard Confessional.
Chris Carrabba's, and then in parentheses, from Dashboard Confessional,
and his luscious feet is what it autofills.
Just by CH.
That's, man, people need to get their Google habits fixed,
because this is breaking my heart.
Or start using Ask Jeeves.
Yeah.
What if all the feet searches have been Ask Jeeves the whole time?
What a delicious tendency.
The Achilles tendons are my weakness.
Thank you guys so much for listening.
Guys and gals for listening too.
I say guys, but I don't really mean that gendered, but I guess it has gendered roots.
That probably means that English doesn't have the plural pronoun.
It has y'all.
Yeah, people make fun of y'all, but that's actually just a correction in English anyway.
Thank you for listening to our program, my brother, my brother, and me.
You can tweet about our show using the NBNBAM hashtag or at NBNBAM on Twitter.
If you wanna get in on a huge social media awakening right now,
I guess that's not overstating things too much,
you should go to the my brother, my brother, and me appreciation group.
It is a public group that is, I mean, it's ballooning out of control.
I think I can say that.
It is a massive, massive group that is growing like gangbusters for no reason that I can detect.
No reason at all.
People, it looks like they're posting every five minutes.
Somebody's posting something on there.
It's fantastic.
There's a lot, I tell you what there is though.
There are a lot of people asking about what episode they can find a certain bit.
It would be amazing if we can harness this Facebook group to finally make the Wiki
that we've been needing for all these many years.
Or if we can harness it to making us have our own fucking Wikipedia page, which we never had.
Yeah, bullshit.
Come on.
Anyway, just search for my brother, my brother, and me appreciation group on Facebook
and you can join it and it'll make you happy.
You should also check out our new Tumblr's up, yes?
Oh yes, it is.
And what's the-
mmbam.tumblr.com.
It's just, you know, like a regular Tumblr, it's got lots of stuff on it.
I wish you two would add something to it ever instead of just making me do it all the time.
I put videos up on it.
Maybe I'll start like-
Travis, I'm looking at it right now.
You have put nothing up on it.
I don't understand, I guess, what Tumblr's for.
I just thought it was like where people put their tasteful nudes.
That might not be accurate.
I'll try to write some stuff on it.
I mean, I don't use it to put like your-
Don't use it as like a diary.
It's not like-
I'll post my musings.
Oh God.
Here's some observations on today's news from my skewed perspective.
It's Travis.
Travis.
These aren't going to be the most popular opinions, but goddammit, they're mine.
I want to-
Go check that out.
Check out our YouTube page as well.
I put-
So a lot of people really liked the Adventure Zone.
If you want to share it with a friend, we made a YouTube video of the whole episode.
It's a little bit easier to share.
It's a little bit more consumable for people that maybe don't normally listen to podcasts.
So it's on there.
So go check it out.
I want to thank-
I almost said Yahoo.
Goddammit.
I want to thank John Roderick in the long winters for the use of our theme song,
It's a Departure, off the album, putting the days to bed.
It's a truly fantastic album.
I was doing some cooking this past weekend.
I had it playing on vinyl, and it was like 58 degrees here in Austin.
I had all the windows open and just smelling that fall foliage.
That's a recipe.
That's chili making.
That's-
Oh my god, it was a dream, is what it was.
So get that album.
It's perfect for chili.
Thanks again to MeUndies for supporting the podcast.
You can go to meundies.com slash my brother and get 20% off your first order.
And right now you'll get free shipping in the U.S. and Canada.
And they might even throw a little bit of nug of weed in the box.
They won't do that.
They might even give you a little bit of a nug of weed.
Check out all the other great shows on MaxFun.
This is always the most challenging part.
Let's go.
Saw Bones, of course, starring our very own Justin McElroy and Sydney McElroy.
Throwing Shade, Jordan Jesse Goh, Bullseye, Memory Palace, Song Exploder,
Song Exploder, Risk, One Bad Mother, Throwing Shade, Wham Bam Pow.
What am I forgetting?
Slam Bam Pow.
Slam Bam Pow.
Oh no, Ross and Carrie.
The Goose Down?
The Goose Down.
Lady and a Lady?
It's Judge John Hodgman.
Griffin.
Griffin, last question.
Thank you all for listening.
Thank you.
This final Yahoo was sent in by Elia K.
Thank you, Elia.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Allie, who asks, my dad is a goth.
What do I do?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been My Brother, My Brother.
May kiss your dad.
School.
Wear on the lips.
Maximumfun.org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Listener supported.
I'm Cameron Esposito.
I'm Rhea Butcher.
I am Ricky Carmona.
And we are the cast members, what, I don't know, podcastiness of Wham Bam Pow.
That's an action and sci-fi movie podcast you can find on Maximumfun.org or on iTunes.
And what do we do?
News reviews and things you can use.
Tons of things you can use.
We break it down so it can forever be broken.
Hilarious jokes.
Plus, sometimes there's a dog in the studio.
Sometimes there's a dog here.
We'll see you in your earbuds.
