Hi, it's Jesse, the founder of MaxFun.
We promised you a MaxFun drive this week,
but things haven't exactly gone how we expected.
So given the pandemic,
we're gonna postpone this year's drive.
Events are still fluid,
so we're hesitant to give you specifics about new dates.
Right now we have late April penciled into our calendars.
We'll keep you posted about that.
As it stands,
a lot of our drive machinery was already cranked up.
So for one thing,
you might hear a reference or two to the drive in our shows,
which might've been recorded before we made this decision.
And here's some good news.
There's a bunch of great bonus content
available for all of our MaxFun members.
If you're a member and you missed the email
with instructions on how to listen,
check your spam folder,
or log in at maximumfun.org slash manage.
Also at maximumfun.org slash manage,
you can change your membership.
If your circumstances have changed,
we know this is a tough time for a lot of people
and we understand.
You can also go to maximumfun.org slash join at any time
if you'd like to become a member.
During the next couple of weeks,
what would have been the drive,
we're going to do our best to be extra available to you.
We've got some streaming events planned,
some social media stuff.
We know a lot of folks are isolated right now
and we wanna help provide comfort
in the best ways that we know how.
You can follow us on social media
and we'll let you know what's up.
During this tough time,
I have been feeling really grateful
for my community of colleagues here at MaxFun
and for you, the folks who make our work possible.
Goofy as that work may sometimes be.
Stay safe out there.
We're thinking of you.
The McElroy brothers are not experts
and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert,
but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids,
which I mentioned only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening.
What's up, you cool baby?
It's familiar, but not too familiar, but not too not familiar.
Hello everyone and welcome to, hold on, let me open this book
to a new chapter.
Welcome to a new era of my brother, my brother and me,
a lifestyle experience guide.
Ooh.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm your oldest guide.
Hey, this is Griffin.
I go second now and yeah,
I'm all about just sort of these orbs, guys.
Hi, I'm Travis.
All right.
Yep, you see it's so weird.
I will wait for three hours for Griffin to do his now.
Hey, it's me Griffin again.
Just checking in about these orbs.
You touched these orbs yet?
No, you got to get with these orbs, man.
Hi, I'm Travis.
I'm kind of the CFO of our lifestyle brands.
I'm not so much on the creative,
but I make sure everyone gets paid
and that their health insurance stays current.
He's afraid of these orbs.
I keep telling him nothing to be afraid of
unless you drop one on your foot.
I appreciate the orbs, but I am looking at the books
and it does say here in our ledgers
that we still use for some reason
that it is time to pay the piper.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
Thank you, Travis, for bringing up this awkward.
Now listen, we begged Travis not to do this.
I didn't beg him.
We said it's a new era.
Creatives over here, they were saying like,
we're focused on these artisanal paper
and artisanal glasses.
Artisanal air, Griffin, you said at one point,
which I didn't get.
Well, it's inside the orbs, isn't it?
I guess.
Something's gotta be in there.
There's a piper here.
There's an artisanal piper that you guys ordered
and someone needs to pay them.
So we're gonna talk a little bit more about it
later in the show, but should we just start
telling people about what kind of a new body slime?
We're into and what kind of acupuncture needles
we're all about these days.
Do you know what's way in, Griffin?
What is it?
It's getting wet and rolling around in sand
and then just getting dressed over that
and going about your day.
It's like a natural exfoliant.
Just having a little gritty time in the city.
Yeah.
I like this.
And then at the end of the day,
your boss is riding your freaking jock
trying to get you to file those reports.
You get home, you take a shower,
Pearl falls out of your butt crack.
Yep.
It can happen.
It does happen every day to people like you
and now can happen.
I'm afraid Justin died.
We're gonna start out with kind of a retro vibe
and take a question from our listenership
and then we'll ease into some of the bigger changes.
We should point out, and you know what?
We should also point out, we are recording this
for the first time ever weeks ahead of time,
which is why our first question is about Valentine's Day,
which will seem weird when you hear this in mid-March.
I collected money for a Valentine's Day singing gram
for one of my professors and got $1 from one girl
and $2 and quarters from a guy.
The gram is $5.
Then I got so dang busy,
I didn't find the time to buy the gram
and their money is sitting on my desk.
It's been three days.
They haven't asked,
but I know they didn't get a singing gram.
Do I steal their $3 or awkwardly give it back?
Now, I just want to clarify,
because Justin used the wrong word there.
They know that the professor didn't get a singing gram.
So the two people that this question asker
collected money from are well aware
that that money was not spent on a singing telegram.
Okay.
Is this not why Venmo was invented?
Or PayPal or whatever your-
Oh, Sharon just sent you $2
with the note, I fucked up Valentine's Day.
Like, yeah.
Like, yes.
It's how you send money when you're embarrassed.
It's how you pay for things you're scared about, you know?
You could call it an investment in next year's gram.
Thank you for your early support
of building on a layaway plan, a layaway gram.
There you are.
Listen, it's been a while.
I've been out of the game for a while now
when it comes to singing telegrams for professors,
but $5 seems awfully low, doesn't it?
It seems like not very much money.
I don't think you can buy,
this may be the only thing you can get with $5.
Yeah, a human being is gonna have to use their mouth
to sing in public in front of another human being
who is looking at them for $5?
You could uncut gyms it
and put this three-ski on the horsies, on the ponies,
let it ride, and say like, if they come to you,
like, hey, I do need those quarters back,
you can be like, listen, it's all,
it's not liquid right now.
It's tied up in the ponies, isn't it?
Tell him it's not liquid.
I gave this $3 to the singing guy
as a deposit for him to start learning
the hit song he wanted to sing,
Drops of Jupiter by Trey,
because he's one of those planet professors, you know?
Oh, yeah.
Planetology.
He gets up there day one, he's like,
my very energetic mother just served us nine pizzas.
That's the acronym, and I'll see you guys next year.
You know what's weird about that, Griffin?
It's not pizzas anymore.
We can't talk about fucking Pluto.
Nobody cares about it.
It's a planet. Clearly.
I like it, it's small.
It's a big rock in space, guys.
There's lots of them.
Not enough.
Would you guys like a singing telegram?
Like, would you like one of that shit up at your place?
Not for me right now,
but like, if you got one in your day-to-day.
I would feel threatened if that happened.
If someone came up to me and said,
hey, I have to tell you something,
and started singing at me,
I don't know that the feeling I would feel
would be one of love or gratitude.
Like, this is the thing, right?
Can we all just be honest with ourselves
that this kind of thing,
or like delivering a big bouquet of balloons,
while part of it, yes, is sweet and thoughtful,
the other half is like, I want to embarrass you a little.
I want to fucking shame you.
Right?
Like that, I'm going to make a big spectacle,
because if you just stand there nodding,
like, yes, I deserve this, and I appreciate it.
Like, that's not how that's supposed to go.
You're supposed to kind of cover your face
and be embarrassed by this thing happening.
Why is that how we're choosing
to show our love to one another?
Yeah, for three dollars.
Let's see what we can,
Huey, what can we do for three dollars?
It's that we can dump a bunch of paint on them.
Do you want that?
We can accidentally squidge some toothpaste on their pants
and make it look like they did have a naughty accident.
Do you like that?
This is embarrassing.
About, probably, oh boy, it's been about 16 years ago.
For the first Valentine's Day, we were together,
my now wife and I, then girlfriend, Sydney.
My now wife?
Nah.
No, you can't, I didn't even open the door to it.
That's actually a bat.
You have to turn around three times
and throw salt over your left shoulder or more,
and it'll kill you in your sleep.
For Valentine's Day, there was this group
that was doing these sorts of things,
but they called it a VLQ, or a very large quartet.
And basically, just a grip of the oldest fellas
you've ever seen in your entire life
show up at a place and sing a song, right?
And it was beautiful, it went perfectly.
Sydney was at rehearsal for a play,
and they showed up at rehearsal and just dazzled,
and it was very romantic, and it was really lovely.
About six months ago, I started thinking,
did I pay those guys?
It was not a money up, hold on, don't rush to judge it.
It was not a money up front kind of deal,
it was you do it and make a little deposit,
and then we'll do the singing
and you can make it right later.
That's a bad business model, old dudes, by the way.
Yeah, but they're so old and trusting.
So I did this, and I got to thinking about six months ago,
I never paid these fucking guys for this thing.
And then I started thinking, I gotta make this right.
I can get it liquid.
I can get it liquid, however much it costs,
and then I started thinking,
this was unpleasant to consider,
but most of those guys are probably,
but a lot of them are probably dead,
and that is when I started to feel really bad,
because at this point, I'd be paying money
to their sons, their singing sons.
Their estates, kicking in a few bucks here and there.
Or it might be a tontine situation,
where the very large quartet has just been saving
all the money that they make, and the last one kicking,
which will probably be the baron's son, let's be honest.
The only source of income the surviving members
of this group need to worry about
is Justin's unpaid deposit, plus the juice.
Oh yeah, the juice has been flowing.
My man, we're talking six figures, bud.
Their page is still active.
I mean, their website is still active,
but there's no online option.
So I would have to come, I would have to make a phone call
that's like, hello, this is Justin McElroy.
You probably know me from how they talked about me
at the meetings for a decade,
but how's the juice right now?
Do you want us to sit here on the phone,
on the call with you while you call them?
We'll be here for emotional support if you want.
Oh, that could be really good.
That would be a really special thing
for the Max Fun Drive episode.
Yeah, okay, hold on.
All right, but hold on.
This can't be our prank episode.
Travis, you and I have to button it the fuck up, dude.
Yep, yep, yep.
Can you guys talk about that for a second while I do this?
And let's have Justin do a very good phone call
while me and Travis really button it up.
Hello?
Hi, I had a question regarding the Thundertones.
Yes, what would you like to know?
Well, okay, I didn't think anybody would answer,
so I'm a little nervous, but in, I think it was-
No reason to be nervous.
Well, you haven't heard, okay.
So in 2005, you all did a singing telegram
for my, she was my girlfriend then,
and she's my wife now.
She was very touched by it,
and I realized about six months ago
that I never paid for it,
and I feel really, really bad about it,
and I have for quite some time,
and I know that there's juice on it.
I know the interest has been collecting for many years.
I'm sure you all have been talking about it a lot,
and I just wanted to make it right and get-
It's up to $3,000.
No, that's not true.
I was not in the group at that time,
and I don't even know what kind of record.
We don't have any records, I don't think,
that go that far, or if we do, they're so buried.
I will tell you this.
If you want to make that right, just so your conscience
will be soothed, you may send a check.
Let's see, 2005, do you remember how much it was for?
Because it's now $50.
I don't know what they were back then.
I mean, $50 sounds, that sounds more than fair.
There was a whole lot of people there.
I mean, there was a VLQ, they called it,
a very large quartet, which is a good joke.
Oh, okay.
And $50 sounds fair, but if you want it to be more,
I mean, I feel so terrible.
You really got me over a barrel on this one.
No, not at all.
I appreciate your honesty, and that is no problem at all.
Why don't you just send a $50 check to the Thundertones,
make it out to the Thundertones,
and just send it to my address.
I'm the president of the group.
My name is, but you don't need to know that.
Just make out the check to the Thundertones,
and then my address is as follows.
I will thank you so much.
I really appreciate you letting me get my conscience clear.
I feel like a new chapter has begun,
and I'm ready to move forward with a clean conscience.
I mean, for this, there's lots of other terrible things,
but for this one thing, I feel better about.
I was gonna say, now you can go back
and return all those books that you checked out
of the library that you never returned.
So, thank you very much for your patronage.
By the way, we just finished that up,
and we did 38 Valentines this year.
Had two quartets go out.
It was very successful.
Keep us in mind for next year,
and I'm sure that she wouldn't remind a reprieve
on something like that.
I love that you can trust me again.
History is not on my side.
I'm impressed that you're willing to forgive and forget.
Well, that is no problem at all.
I wasn't expecting it in the first place,
and like I said, we don't have a record of it,
so don't worry about that.
But hey, y'all must be rolling in it now, though.
38 times 50, I'm loving that math.
Well, I tell you what, it is our largest fundraiser.
Even we make more off this than we do
even our annual show that we do in the fall.
Is that one spookier, kind of a scary thing,
lots of like haunted jump scares and stuff like that?
We did, no, no, we did one of those.
We did a show that was kind of had that theme,
but no, it varies from year to year,
and recently we've been going with songs
that are songs that everybody's familiar with.
This last one was the British Invasion,
and we did a bunch from Beatles and Herman's Hermits
and stuff like that, so it's a lot of fun.
And if you sing, heck, come by and see us.
Okay, I'll give you just a sample
and let me know what you think.
Stay a while with me,
just stick around and see what happens,
what will be, will be,
and wills. We can work with that.
Yeah, we can work with that, that's excellent.
Hey, Rick, you've been so cool, thank you so much.
My brothers put me up to this.
I told them this story and they forced me to call
for our podcast, and you will,
that check will be rolling your way here in a couple days.
Tell me your name.
Justin McElroy.
Justin McElroy, well, thank you very much, Justin.
I'll look forward to that check and that amount.
And also, give me your contact information as well.
Yes, now this is for the lawsuit, isn't it?
Because I've had the juice running too long.
All right, thanks, Rick, take it easy.
Okay, you too, thank you, Justin, appreciate it.
Bye-bye.
No, no, no, no, you just got pranked, baby!
I can't believe they had forgotten about it.
No, Justin, they didn't.
I can't believe Rick acted like he had forgotten about it
so convincingly.
Yeah, and did you also hear how when you gave him your name
with a little bit of a smile,
as if he was then gonna be like, oh, damn, Justin McElroy?
And then there was no recognition at all,
and I got a shiver down my spine.
I didn't think he'd be like,
oh, shit, Justin McElroy from podcasts.
I literally thought he was looking for a list
of like shitheads.
I expected him to remember me from the shithead list.
Yeah, when he said Justin McElroy.
What, do you think he's a fucking
Things I Bought at Sheets fan?
I was expecting Rick to be a fan of my YouTube series.
Come on.
When you said Justin McElroy,
he just reached over to the notepad in his passenger seat
and marked off your name under people I need to kill.
Yeah.
There's also, he's from Huntington.
If I said my name, it was not that he would know me.
It was probably that thinking that he'd know my dad
and would say like, oh, this fucking figures.
Hey, you're gonna like bleep out his address and stuff,
right, so we don't box Rick.
I hope so, I hope so.
Ooh, I hope so.
But sometimes I don't pay very close attention
to these, don't I?
Hey, maybe this could become like a new segment
where Justin just clears his conscience
like one thing at a time.
Even out the closet, I like that.
Only bad thing I ever did, though.
That's the only one.
Okay.
Hey, I've got a Yahoo here.
Do you wanna hear it?
Sure.
Sent in by Jeanette.
Thanks, Jeanette.
It's Yahoo Answers user.
Oh, they're anonymous.
They're anonymous.
It was Rick.
It was Rick asks,
should the queen move to America to get a new experience?
Yes.
I know.
Thank you.
I know so very little about the monarchy or anything.
Really, government.
To speak of, worldly speaking.
So this may be coming from an uneducated place.
In fact, I can confirm it is,
but it seems like maybe if the queen came to America,
she could have a new experience.
Not just came here, not just came here to visit.
Got a flat, you know?
Took a Lyft, but we call them elevators.
Lyft.
Oh, well, I thought you were talking about rental car.
Oh, no, we call those cars.
Yeah, or buggies, lorries, whatever.
Maybe she started calling them different shit, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, what if she went back to Britain
and was just like, hey, from now on,
we're calling them elevators and apartments and shrimp.
Enough of this shit, right?
Sorry, I bumped my shopping cart into your shopping cart.
And that's what we now call them.
Look, there's a truck.
Bring me some cookies.
And if you don't know what I'm talking about,
I'm going to behead you.
Hey, can I ask you guys a for real serious question?
Uh-huh.
I'm sure that there's like, you know,
some courtesies extended to her
and like diplomatic immunity and stuff,
but if the queen were to come to the US of A
and I were to offend her,
she's got no power over me, right?
Like she couldn't get me in trouble.
No.
I mean, okay, she could get you in trouble, probably,
if she told an adult or a teacher.
Okay.
But not like in Britain where I didn't bow right
and now I'm going to go to prison or something.
Right, right.
You know, I made that joke about the queen
having someone beheaded
for not knowing what cookies are.
And maybe you start to think about something.
Okay.
Back like several hundred years ago,
the queen could definitely have someone beheaded
if she felt like it.
No doubt.
We agree on this, right?
Definitely.
Today, the queen would say like off with her head
and everybody would be like, I don't think so, right?
So my question is this, the last time that happened,
do you think there was a sense of like, been a good run,
but I think this is the last one.
I think we're wrapping up on being able to do,
this has been extremely satisfying and fun,
but I think we are wrapping,
like the last one must have felt pretty bad
for everybody to be like,
I don't think we do this anymore, actually.
I don't think it was a switch flip, Jamie.
I don't think it was like, oh, you know what?
I don't want to do it.
I think it was more of like a fade out
of just like over time,
people were getting less and less okay with it.
And then there was one where it was kind of a squeaker
where I was like, ooh, are we gonna?
Ooh, yikes.
Ooh, are we gonna do it?
And the person's in the guillotine and they're like,
this feels unnecessary to me.
You all agree, right?
We probably shouldn't.
We should do jail.
Hey, what do you guys think about jail?
We got them.
It's not perfect, but I think it might be better than this.
I think instead of a fade out, Travis,
I think it's possible that there was a sort of crescendo
where there was one day where they just beheaded
like so many people and they're like,
it's not even fun anymore.
Like, I can't, I don't even feel it.
It's like jazz, you know?
What's fun is the beheadings you don't do.
Right.
Because that's, think of the joy on someone's face
when you get them into the guillotine
and like they're blindfolded or something
and you go like, do it.
And like, you have the sound of like a lever going
and like a sound of a thunk over there.
But then you're like, hey, guess what?
You're not gonna get beheaded.
That's fun.
That person's never gonna do something wrong ever again.
It's basically the premise of Undercover Boss.
Yeah, it's exactly like Undercover Boss.
A friend and I often work together during class
and I wanna ask for his number
so if I have any questions, I can just text him.
However, I don't want him to get the wrong idea
and think that I'm getting his number
for any sort of romantic purpose or ulterior motive.
What is a completely normal way to ask for someone's number
without perpetuating the wrong idea?
That's from Gmail.
You cannot do this.
Don't even try.
Griffin is right.
You just can't do it.
It's not, it's not, this is very relatable
because I had this exact scenario
and it's just, it's not, it's just not possible,
I don't think, right?
We can all agree that anytime you've ever had to say
to another human being like, can I get your number?
It's so hard and it's so much, I would argue,
harder to say when it is not for romantic intent, right?
Because then you worry, you have to then explain yourself
and say like, in case you wanna play video games together,
I don't wanna smooch.
Do you know what's fucked up?
And this is, I genuinely cannot answer this.
If I asked for, you know, if I was in college or whatever
and needed to get in contact with somebody
that I was like working with on something,
I would feel zero pressure to ask for their email address.
But it's still like, it's still like talking, innit?
So like, why does that, why is phone just like
the sexy one, I guess?
Yeah, I don't know.
I think it's because of the connotation of like,
can I get your number?
Yeah, but I think there's more to that.
In this modern era, I think that it's because
it's so private, like I don't even know
your guys' phone numbers, you know?
Like, it's extremely private.
I definitely gave you my phone number.
My phone knows it, but I don't know.
Yeah, my phone knows it.
I don't know it, so it's private to you.
You know what I'm saying?
It's a private thing.
Yeah, but I'm gonna stick with my point
because I've never seen a movie where somebody
like looked at their friend across the table at a bar
and like cockily said like, she friended me on Facebook.
I mean, that's what You've Got Mail is about,
so what are you saying?
And the second thing, maybe it's just that the phone,
with the phone, it is intimate because you're saying,
give me the buttons to press on my phone
so that I may gently nestle your warm voice
close to my face.
There's really no way to talk to somebody on the phone
without confining the fact that you're doing whispers
into each other, like directly into each other's ear,
basically. Now that's fair.
That is fair.
Well, you also, I think there's an immediacy to this
of like, give me your phone number.
That's like saying like, hey, if I need help with school,
I want you to, the second that it crosses my mind,
I want you on fucking call.
I don't wanna send an email that you'll respond to
in a couple of hours.
I wanna know that you know I need you then.
Here, it's 2020, it's 2020.
Can I pitch an idea that you've just given me, Justin?
Every phone.
Wait, hold on, you didn't even let me think about it.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, every phone should have two numbers.
One that you can call and one that you can text,
and you should like only give out the one that can text
and reserve the one that can call for like,
if you are dying, you are allowed to use this number.
That's great.
That's great, Travis, because you set
Drops of Jupiter by train as your ringtone,
and then you're out at dinner with your friends,
and you hear, now she's back in the air.
And you gotta be like, oh shit,
something happened with my uncle.
Oh shit.
Oh no, my dad, I gotta go.
Yep.
As I understand it, though,
this is already how people are using phone.
No one calls on phone, right?
Yes, right.
This draws the line, though.
Instead of getting a friend's number to work on homework,
you got the number all at once.
What if you did it in stages,
where you're like, okay, I'm comfortable enough with you
to so far give you my area code?
Yeah.
We're doing it, right?
That's good.
That way it doesn't feel like a commitment yet.
The real answer to this is, you know,
you gotta reel in a third person into this,
and be like, hey, we should all exchange numbers.
That's great.
That's powerful.
Maybe just plan a big group hang
to all go see that new movie together.
We'll work on the paper at some point.
Hey, you guys like Outback Steakhouse?
Yeah, maybe we can work on it.
I was just walking by.
I'm not even in your class.
We should all exchange numbers,
the three of us, equally.
The same number.
Who are you?
Yeah.
Here is the best advice.
Okay, I've got this.
Okay.
You need to give them your phone number,
and give them a reason to reach out to you
that is not romantic, okay?
Picture this.
If you ever need a break.
This is like toilet paper.
You walk up to this person.
You'd be like, hey, listen, I'm not spreading this around,
but I got a fucking choice sourdough starter
that I would love to slice you off a bit of.
Here is my phone number.
Here is an empty jar.
Let your imagination run wild
of how a little sourdough starter would look in here.
The price, that's not between friends.
We're not gonna worry about that.
But you go ahead and give me a text to Rooski,
and this beautiful bread baby
could be headed to your house, a media mente.
And then the cool thing about that is
you get their number, and they owe you
for the sourdough that you hooked them up with that one time.
Okay, Justin, just to clarify,
just so I don't do this wrong when I attempt this,
do I need to actually have a sourdough starter to use this?
Travis, if you do not have a sourdough starter,
they will assume you are American Psycho 2 this week.
There is fucking no reality
in which you cannot also have a sourdough starter
on hand, ancient grains ready to rip,
ready to turn that beautiful sugar into carbon dioxide
and crank that bread up to its maximum fluffy potential.
Now here's the thing, I do have a sourdough starter.
I just don't know if I'm ready to give it away.
Like that just seems like such a big commitment.
I think this works on the platonic level, yes, Justin.
Can we tweak it a little bit for a different person
who wants it for a romantic level?
At the bar, hanging out, someone catches your eye.
Can you wander over there with an empty jar
and a promise of fermentation?
I think in that case, the sourdough starter
has to already be in the jar.
And you just say, I'm like, if you wanna know more,
give me a call.
My number is written on the sourdough starter.
They're not gonna buy the baker
when they got the starter for free, you know?
Maybe you have a nine out of 10
of the sourdough starter ingredients in there.
And you're like, the missing piece is me.
Give me a call and we'll start something together
and feel the power of sour and let the dough flow.
Not how sourdough starters work, but okay.
I don't know anything.
Yeah, that's kind of thematic.
Yeah.
Yeah, how about a Yahoo?
Yeah, I love that.
This one was sent in by level9000.
Yadru drew a drew to have important thank you drew.
It's from Yadru answers user.
They're anonymous.
So let's call them Jamothy asks,
why do Siberian tigers need to be so huge?
Their prey seems much smaller.
They need to fight Kodiak bears.
Huh.
So I don't know enough about, I think,
animals in general to answer why the Siberian tiger,
like what environmental sort of like challenges
they had to overcome by becoming just fucking jacked,
these Siberian tigers.
But I'm extremely here for the idea
that the Siberian tiger, big and powerful and beautiful
could challenge itself a little bit, like more.
Like it's going after small rodents and rabbits
and probably unlucky birds, unlucky slow birds.
Yeah.
Or just like sleepy birds.
Sleepy birds, unfortunate explorer, adventurer.
Whatever beef it finds on the ground just laying around.
Just random beef.
Ground beef.
Ground beef.
Yes.
But you know what,
and I think about this all the time with Gryven?
No.
The panda.
Well, okay.
Panda, well, hear me out.
Okay.
It's just eating bamboo.
It's not built to do that.
It should be eating meat.
That is a bear, huh?
That's why it's sleepy all the time
and does so very little
and doesn't really have the power
or the energy to make love
because it's so sleepy all the time.
And so at some point a panda must've been chasing
like a bird or a rabbit or something
and be like, this fucking sucks.
That plant is just sitting there.
I'm gonna eat that from now on.
There's so much of it everywhere.
What if that was food?
I'm just gonna sit here and do shit all
and eat this stick and not bone anymore.
That's the problem.
Pandas aren't boning.
So the numbers are going down.
If we could get one,
just fucking battle horny,
come back from defeating the huge Siberian tiger,
which there are billions of probably.
You know, an unlikely victory.
And it comes back home and they're like,
oh shit, Ron, what's up?
You look like heck.
And then Ron can be like, oh, I'm different now.
Who's ready for Ron?
And then they would fucking pork,
like they've never porked before.
And then like all of a sudden pandas are back
and they are-
There's too many.
They're like pigeons and squirrels.
Squirrels, pigeons for all the,
you can talk shit about pigeons,
but pigeons are out there, aren't they?
The pigeons are working out there
and they are up against forces that are so hysterically
beyond their control.
Like what ass can a pigeon kick?
Probably not any.
So they go and they like sit on the third rail of a subway
and they get like totally just bamboozled out there.
And then they fly home to their nest
and it's like, oh shit, rough day in the city.
And they're like, yeah, it was a rough day in the city.
I'm battle horny.
Now let's go.
Has anyone told pigeons that like 10 miles that way
is probably just a bunch of corn
that they don't like have to just be there
in the middle of New York city?
Do you think of a pigeon like heard someone mention
like they're just fields of corn?
They'd be like, what the fuck?
Travis's been like mistaking cigarette butts for food
for the last like 30 years.
For the last 30 generations.
Travis, farmers are listening to this right now,
like sweating, like please don't tell pigeons about farms.
Please no.
Please don't tell pigeons about my farm.
Hey, where did all the tomatoes go?
We had them last night.
Let's look outside.
Uh oh, it's two million pigeons.
They're all just here now looking for statues to sit on.
Do you think pigeons in the city
regularly get letters from their country cousins?
They're like, well, shit still sucks out here
in the country, fucking nothing to eat.
I wish I was living it up with you
eating one fourth of a hot dog butt out of a gutter.
God, that sounds good.
Anyway, yeah, it's all bullshit out here.
Yeah, anyway, I gotta go.
I gotta use the bathroom.
I mean, look for food.
Yeah.
That's all I get to do.
Man, I'm just gonna be thinking,
everybody's talking about unlikely animal pairings.
And when they say that traditionally, they mean friendships.
I'm thinking about it like top 10 anime battles.
Because Kodiak Bear versus Siberian Tiger,
boy, that would be one for the ages, wouldn't it?
That'd be pretty good.
The problem with Jamothy's question is like,
once you start going down the road of like,
why is that tiger so big?
You do that with pretty much every animal.
But like if that animal is smaller, it could eat less food.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Hey, why is the blue whale eating krill?
It should be eating like smaller whales.
Oh my God, we need a worthy challenger for the,
we all need to team up and breed something
for the blue whale to sharpen itself against.
It is time for the killer whale to live up to its name.
Yeah, you've got it, you don't have it in size, right?
But you got it in ferocity for sure.
You are an X-wing like going up
against a Star Destroyer at that point.
But this Star Destroyer, guess what?
It only eats like little weird barnacles.
You are totally good.
This is my pitch for Free Willy 6.
Where Willy just goes ham on a blue whale.
Right, and it's two hours long,
and it's really hard to watch that.
But then what's that?
The blue whale and Willy team up to fight a giant squid.
Animals are great, I love nature.
Yeah, and we know a lot about them.
I love nature too.
Yeah, we're very smart about them.
Da da da da da da da da.
Okay.
Da da da da da da da da.
Oh.
Dee dee loo loo loo loo loo loo loo loo loo loo loo.
I want a munchwad!
Slad.
Wub bub bub bub bub bub bub.
I want a munchwad!
Do do do do do do do do do.
I'm sorry I got a cold and I realized it sounded weird,
like Alfred E. Newman or something.
I kind of loved it.
I kind of enjoyed it too.
I got a munchwad mini,
and then a full munchwad for you.
I got combo.
Duncan adds snacking bacon to the menu.
What?
Please tell me they used apostrophes in there.
Oh yeah, they did.
Duncan, snacking, bacon.
Is bacon apostrophic?
What is this, two?
Nah, bacon's not.
That'd be wild though.
They missed a trick, huh?
Yeah, so Duncan adds snacking bacon to the menu.
This one's bacon in a little bag, my friends.
It's just bacon in a little stinky, greasy bag.
I'm glad it's not just loose bacon though.
That is better.
It is basically loose bacon, Travis.
It's as close to loose bacon as you can get
without being loose bacon.
Without going to prison.
Yeah.
Here's how it starts.
Sack the sad snacks with the new snacking bacon.
Oh God.
For anyone who's seeing a satisfying snack,
seeking a satisfying snack,
but this one seems designed to fuck me up.
I see you, Duncan.
We got him.
For anyone who's seeking a satisfying snack
but is stuck with a sad selection at their desk,
office, kitchen, or vending machine,
Duncan is adding some extra sizzle to its menu.
Hey friends, if there is a sadder snack than bacon
from a greasy little bag that you bought at the store
and carried to your office, I don't know what it is.
Duncan Wednesday unveiled new snacking bacon
and with sweet black pepper seasoning
to help on-the-go customers conquer nothing.
It's not help.
Help is the wildest word you could have picked.
You're not helping them to do anything.
They say they're helping their customers
conquer their cravings without settling for tired
and typical snacking choices.
Hey, Roger, what are you snacking on
out of that bag there?
Bacon.
Just some bacon in a bag, huh, Roger?
Are you okay?
Hey, Roger.
Yeah, the only thing that you have to imagine with this
is actually walking up to the counter
and they're like, what food do you want here at Duncan
that you've gone into willingly?
And the person says, I want a bag of snacking bacon
for the road.
I actually think saying, for here, would be worse.
That would actually, I'm gonna sit in the corner
and listen to a podcast.
Here's the full one.
Einstein Brothers is gonna launch
a bagel and burrito mashup.
Huh.
Is it just gonna jam it in the fucking hole?
Basically.
They announced, Einstein Brothers announces launching
a first-of-its-kind bagel innovation, bagel-rito.
Ah, a bagel and burrito mashup, the bagel-rito,
was available at five test locations in the Denver area
for a limited time on October 29th.
And it's gonna shock you all, but it fucking cleaned up.
It sold out within hours of its announcement to the world.
Why did you announce it to the world?
Let Denver get a fucking crack at that beautiful bastard.
Do the wild success of the test launch
and countless requests from guests
who wish they could try the bagel-rito.
Valerie, how many requests have we got about the bagel-rito?
I can't count them.
There's too many.
They're pouring in.
They're throwing them through the window.
The bagel-matic is broken.
It's like it just exploded everywhere.
Can't count that high.
It's like the end of Miracle on 34th Street in here.
Why did we set up a complex system of pneumatic tubes
from every Einstein Brothers location into our home base?
So the Einstein Brothers bagels
is making the game-changing breakfast item
available to guests across the US at participating locations.
And the tone of this announcement
is that they think they're ready for bagel-ritos,
but they're not fucking sure, okay?
They're on the very edge.
Quote, we heard our guests loud and clear,
says Takeo O'Rourke, VP of Marketing
for Einstein Brothers Bagels.
They always have to clarify what company
they're the VP of marketing of.
It'd be wild if the VP of marketing at Ford
is like, they got nasty new bagels.
This place got nasty new bagels.
Cars are still cool, but check out these nasty bagel tubes.
Given the popularity of the bagel-rito
during the Denver test,
we knew we couldn't keep this breakfast innovation
from the rest of the country for too long.
We just needed a bit of time to ensure our bakeries
are set up to meet the volume of orders we're expecting.
On February 27th, we will be ready.
Constantly pushing the boundaries of the classic bagel.
Einstein Brothers bagel has taken it to the next level
with the bagel-rito.
Has taken it too far.
Too far, they've crossed the Rubicon
and made a shame before God.
It's loaded with two cage-free eggs,
for that animal-cruelty-conscious consumer
that also wants to eat a bagel shaped like a fucking tube.
And it's got thick-cut bacon from, I'm assuming,
inhumanely raised pigs and turkey sausage.
Let's get them all in there.
The pigs watch the chickens run around.
Come back here, Cal, you don't get out.
We need three cheeses from you and potatoes.
Your non-sentient state will not preserve you.
There's hash browns in this bad boy
and salsa and green chilies and a flour tortilla
all hand-wrapped in an Asiago bagel dough and baked fresh.
And what a relief that machines aren't involved
in this process.
I'm glad humans have to use some of their time
here on this big blue globe to roll these bagel tubes for me.
It's substantial size, high flavor, and portability
has earned it.
High flavor is a good term.
I like high flavor.
The high flavor and portability.
Folks-
Thank God.
Bagels have been so cumbersome up till now.
And burritos too.
Yeah.
Yeah, friends, I'm here to ask you,
what is the last item that you bought at a fast food place
where you're like, well, I can't take this anywhere.
Look at this.
Look at this heavy, I can't carry,
what am I, to carry it to another location?
The high flavor and portability has earned it its slogan,
big, bold, and easy to hold.
Oh, boy.
Who are these people that have a regular bagel
and they're like, whoop, drop the damn thing.
Oh, fuck.
Now it's rolling away.
Again?
Again?
And hey, friends, I'm looking at this thing.
It's a big, loose tube full of garbage.
This is not a portable solution.
Just as it's closed at the bottom,
you're gonna have bagel juice slipping out.
Anyway, that's the bagelrito.
Looks pretty good.
I would probably eat one
and it's available at Einstein Brothers now.
Next time I'm out to eat at a restaurant,
I'm just gonna silently open up the salt shaker
and dump it all over my meal.
And then when Rachel asks like, hey, what are you doing?
I can now confidently answer,
I am turning the flavor too high.
The flavor is not at high right now.
I need maximum flavor.
It's what I deserve as a consumer.
I deserve no less.
We rarely go out.
It's hard to find a babysitter.
What am I gonna eat?
Regular flavor?
I deserve high flavor.
Well, we'll get out of your hair now.
Once again, maximumfun.org.
That sounds like we're backing out the door.
We've been trying to sell you some brushes and combs.
All right, well, you've been a gracious host.
Maximumfun.org slash join.
Thank you so much.
And thank you to John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song
and to departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
And we're about to put this episode to bed
because fish and friends go bad after three days,
right guys?
What is that?
Are we fish?
Griffin, do you have a final Yahoo?
We're friends.
This one was sent in by Yohannes.
Thank you, Yohannes.
It's from Yahoo Answers user T.
Who asks?
Dude, I just recently discovered a new way to eat oats.
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother, my brother, me.
Kiss your dad, square on the lips.
