The McElroy brothers are not experts and their advice should never be followed
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it
Also, this show isn't for kids which I mentioned only so the babies out there will know how cool they are for listening
What's up, you cool, baby?
It's better it's better with you
It's better it's better with you
Better it's better
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother and me an advice show for the modern era
I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middles brother Travis McElroy vroom vroom the race is on
My name is Griffin McElroy, and I guess a shotgun. I'm hopping in the side car. We're nearing
It's the innocent sight churning burning. We young for the cut
There's only a couple days left for max fun drive rev rev. That's the engines could chow. We're always there
Shift no that was the lightning McQueen. He's right behind you
He's chasing you to finish, and he wins he's gonna sleep with your partner
Wait what yeah if lightning McQueen wins. He's gonna have a night with my wife
Yeah, Griffin is gonna be cuckolded by lightning McQueen. I mean it makes it might not be sexual it might not end up
Yeah, it might not end up being sexual they might just connect on a deeper level
There's only one way you could okay
stretch goal
This is a threat this one's kind of a threat yeah, and I don't love this, but I'm saying it
Yeah, we are currently the max fund drive our goal is
20,000 new and upgrading donors and boosting donors as well
And if you are able to help us make our shows make our shows possible
Which is only possible through your generosity?
generosity go to maximum fund or first let's join you're gonna get for $5 a month you will get tons of
Bonus content over 15 days. I believe it has to be measured in days now
yeah for $20 you could get a per month you could get a hat and a
patch
It's unbelievable the bargains are unbelievable
What's the goal Justin the goal well Trav? Here's the goal, but the goal is for us to not be destitute and that
Is only achieved by you going to maximum fund or for size join five bucks ten bucks twenty bucks
Or if you want to kick it up two or three dollars, whatever will take anything you got give us your lunch money nerds
But here's the goal
20,000
New upgrading and boosting donors uh-huh right now as we record this it is three thousand six hundred eighty three
So it's a little ways to go just shy
We've got a little ways to go and the worst part is if we don't make it Griffin Mackerel will be cuckolded
By lightning McQueen racing legend lightning McLean I should I ask Rachel before we commit to this bit
Oh, yeah
Well, I'll take a shooter attacks right here attacks and see like because this is obviously be
Her discretion right lightning McQueen is nothing if not a gentleman and by gentlemen, I mean gentle car
But I can't imagine anyone
Not being down the clown when I think legend lightning McQueen yeah when I talk to him. He's like
You know the real nitrous in my tank is consent. Yeah, and he loves it. Yeah
It's wild for this enthusiastic consent to he's very clear on that
Hey, how do you feel about lightning McQueen and then I should add like this is for the this is for the show
So she doesn't get confused. This is for should you add like a brackets sexually in brackets?
Or do you think you're just gonna get hey, how do you feel about lightning McQueen's?
Sexually well that seems like I'm sort of like
Forcing the issue a little bit like yeah
Yeah, cuz also I'll say like how do you feel about lightning McQueen and if she's like sexually good, then I'm yeah, yeah
That'll be nothing more need be said
Normally our show is just like this
Yeah, three brothers talking a bunch of nonsense and it's for you and we don't have to do it
I mean there it is. I should clarify. He's the red car from I think she would know that
She knows it. You have a young boy in your home. We're not we're not a we're not a fucking cars fan
That's right. Really. That was a geek check. I don't want any cars people. You gotta get that shit together my man
It's a great movie. It's not the second one so much. Oh
Man, but wouldn't you rather be cuckolded by lightning McQueen than tow Mater? You know what I mean? Yeah
Now if it was the Hudson sexiness of a cars if it was Hudson Hornet I fucking get it man
Okay
Rachel says he's not for me in two senses. Okay, so we have we have currently
Hi
It's Jesse Thorne here. I regret to inform you
I've discontinued the promotion in which if we don't meet our goal griffin back where we will be cuckolded by lightning McQueen
unfortunately
That is not gonna come out
Should I ask if there's another character in cars that she is is there any of the Pixar canon but non-human car from cars? That is good for you
What about the dinosaur from Toy Story?
Or the text from Toy Story. I don't know why I'm the one sort of jumping on this grenade
So there's a lot of really amazing marital aims in this
And what Griffin it would be weird if I was asking your wife if she would have sex with lightning McQueen. Come on. Yeah, think about it
Okay, she says the dino is definitely for me so that they're now there are stakes
Okay, can I read you guys some names of characters in cars? I would love nothing more
Strip weathers. Nice. She kicks. That's a good one. Finn Mcmissile
Finn missile Finn Mcmissile
I love that. That's surreal. That's cool. Miles Axelrod. Yeah. Hell yeah
Let's see text Dinoco. I can't believe we all had two chances to name human beings
I know we we beefed it so hard and we didn't go with Corey Turbowitz. Yeah
If I had had a boy it was gonna be text Dinoco
Bob Cutlass, that's a good one. Yeah, that's a good one. Oh my god guys rod torque redline
I like that the most so far. It's really good Vladimir trunk golf. Yeah
How did that happen?
Well, that's gotta be the second one. That's gotta be the second one with all the spy shit in it. Jay Kirby Gremlin
Yeah, that's gotta be another oh my god. There's one named Jeff Gorvette
Maximum fun.org slash join again is the name of it the
Way to go to rip clutch Gonski rip clutch Gonski, huh?
Brent Mustang burger
On your support now more than ever
And this is the this is the content. This is what you wipe out
Wait one more game
punchy
punchy punchy
like PONCHY
Yeah, Eugene
Carbooski, okay. All right, and and and we appreciate yes
I have a list of some of the recent people who have just joined up. We got Ernie Gearson
Thank you, David Hobbs cap
This is wild cuz these still sound
Nigel Gearsley then to be fair this actually makes a lot of sense Griffin because we have been appealing to a very cars centric
Demographic for the last like ten minutes. That's true. So it makes sense that
This live feed of car of donors are also
Anthropomorphic cars. Yeah. Yeah, but they can't rely on the cars from cars to support the content that you love
That's only about 50% of our supporters. That's or like even if you like it, you still have to pay for it
I don't love the food I get at McDonald's, but I still have to pay for it. I mean
But bada bada bada they've gotten rid of a lot of my favorite fresh options like the Southwest salad and the chicken
Snack wrap. Oh, they got rid of the chicken snack wrap
They got rid of everything as part of a streamlining effort at the peak of the pandemic and they scaled back to a very
Sort of like button-down menu without a lot of the fresh options not wild about that. Not
Are they gonna bring it back? Oh, I don't know
am I gonna reopen a supply chain to hit Justin up with his snack wrap or make the
Southwest chicken salad that they may have called the Justin McElroy because I'm the only person that got the salad
I got that from time to time. It's pretty good. Honestly, not bad if you like a fresh option. Yeah, I do
This is an advice show obviously a fundraising effort. Hey, can we just be real for a second?
yeah, please go the link and and pledge some money, but it's
We just really need it would be really kick-ass really kick-ass
Thank you, and then let us on Twitter if you do so we can say thanks
At least one of us will I Griffin's, you know, kind of stepped away
He's really focusing on his family right now and his ministry. Yeah. Well, I've been working
I did get hired at focus on the family and thank you guys for
Announcing that here and I know some people are gonna be p.o'd about that and try to get me, you know
Uh, try to get me canceled, but please don't I thought it was focused features. You got hired at
Oh, I got no that was a short sort of thing and then they found out how just I don't like anything
Secular in films. Yeah, okay
Yeah, and they are all about that life so it was a short-lived partnership
What do you what are you focusing on over and focus on the family Griffin daughters this month its daughter month
It's all daughter content all the time. Just McGee and me
Let's start time with daughters. Yeah. Well, that's when I showed thank you so much. No, this was the start
What this was the start this is the start you're there you're in it
I thought all that talk about Lightning McQueen betting Griffin's wife extramaritaly was all just for us
It's kind of intramaritaly because Griffin would be a willing cuckold in this situation
I would have to be because the because just he asked me to in the email. Can we please do lightning have a partner?
What does like you speed is his wife? Oh, okay, but not like another car named speed. No speed is his wife speed racer
No speed like speed
While on a walk around my apartment complex I and you guys ever taken a walk
I don't get out for a long time while out on a walk around my apartment complex
I ended up noticing I feel like if somebody says they're out on a walk
They're doing something that they didn't want to admit. You know, I mean like yeah
I I ended up noticing a securely wrapped perfectly fine
If not super melted package of Reese's chocolate on the floor next to a car and I walked what is Reese's?
Chocolate Reese's Reese's chocolate. It's kind of like Reese's Cup Reese's Cup guys Reese's Cup. I figured that
They don't just make a bar right? I'll make a chocolate. I mean
They make a chocolate. It's just not on the bar. I
Figured the chocolate must have fallen out of the car and the original owner hadn't noticed especially with it right next to the driver's seat door
Seeing as I had been complaining about a lack of chocolate
I
See where this is going now
Seeing as I have been complaining about a lack of chocolate two hours prior
I figured this is a sign from the gods to eat it, but my partner and best friend
Convinced me that eating mostly melted but securely packaged floor chocolate was not in fact the best idea I've ever had
My question is this brother
Yeah, I don't think we should go singing praises just yet
My question is this brother should I have eaten the floor chocolate or should I have taken it home to refridge and eat later?
Now that's from chocolate less Floridian. You have two options here that both in with
You eating the floor chocolate, right?
Well, it doesn't sorry that's the middle step in the journey that they will be going on
I don't think your friends the instep will be not just the emergency room
but one sort of bathroom in the emergency room complex that you are gonna you may as well bring a
Pillow and a good book. I mean, I would love it if it worked that way
But life isn't a fairly brothers comedy Griffin. The realistic answer is you'll eat the chocolate and it'll be fine. But
For the next few days after uh-huh in the back of your head
Yeah, every little creaking pop every little squish and squeeze in your body that you feel every every pang every floating
Flash of light but in front of your eyes everything now, you're gonna wonder is this it is this
My time is this the chocolate? Why did I do it? I did. I know where stores is. Why did I do it?
Let's put the tiger on the table and yell at it for a second. Just okay 20 seconds
There's a lot of food waste and food insecurity both in our country and in the world
That's not what this is. That's not what this is. No, that's not what this is
What here's there's two other factors here that I think have to be considered one other people were with you
Right. So even if that chocolate is perfectly fine, even if you eat it nothing happens
Even if you eat it and you never think about it again
There were people who observed your behavior and maybe children maybe children
Maybe even children they saw you and let's take all context out of the back
They saw you pick something up off the ground and eat it
Yeah
With your only mouth with your only human mouth as far as I know
And you put it in your own human body and put it on you have and you don't know the origin
You do not know
You know where this began. You only know if we're talking in terms of like
An Antiques Roadshow, you don't know its provenance. You only know it's got a lot of patina on it and you ate it
And then you ate it. That's what they do on Antiques Roadshow, by the way, if you haven't watched it lately
They're doing a lot of just sort of eating the antiques
Oh, this this is a old quilt from the Revolutionary War era made by Martha
Washington and hold on one second
Now it's nothing now it's energy it's cake house for Iran
And the second thing to consider here is I'm starting to wonder now if the generation after us maybe even two generations
I don't know how old we are
Are they also being like drilled into their heads that people might inject drugs into candy or was did that stop after us?
I think we were the last ones to get that
Yeah
I think everybody knows that we're just everybody else is kind of too busy to be injecting drugs into chocolate
So who's just giving away free drugs like that? Well
Oh
Okay, don't eat I
Feel like we can cut most of these quite kinds of questions off at the pass. Don't eat for chocolate
I know that times are tough out there and like Travis said the big thing about food waste and I know all about that
But and care and care care about care about it, but you can you can probably get chocolate
That has been ethically sourced
Do you know what I mean? That's not going to hurt you and your body
You know because in the capitalist system we find ourselves in here you exchange your healthy body minutes for
What I call chocolate dollars, which is money that you spend to get your own chocolate
And if you hurt just regular dollars, sorry just dollars and if you hurt that body hurt that body
Make sure that you don't hurt that body by eating chocolate you found on a floor
Then you won't you will be too ill to earn more choco bucks, which is what you call chocolate dollars
No, it also occurs to me reading the question again that in your supposition
You found the chocolate and you were you decided this chocolate came from this car. It was next to
So I could easily place this chocolate somewhere where the driver of the car could discover it once more
But since the driver didn't know
Ah finders keepers to high heavens. Do not eat this fucking chocolate. They already ate the chocolate didn't they?
They ate the chocolate already. I do appreciate I do think that there is it's a little bit of security theater
But the idea of like well, no, you don't understand. I put it in the refrigerator and solided it back up again
So it's better now. It's safer now
It was melty before and that would have been bad, but I put it in the fridge
So I got cold so any germs on it got too cold
Don't eat the chocolate and
Do you all want to approach the wizard and ask him about his day?
Yeah, I'll give us some cool advice on how to do a great thing
Which is to say how to host a warrior cats theme birthday party. Are you kidding me?
Yeah, serious so many people have sent this in over the months and I feel like I've been saving it for a special occasion
maximum fun dot org slash joint
Preparing make sure your parents agree
I don't necessarily have to tell your parents the theme of the party slash sleepover
But you still need to make sure you can have one in the first place. This feels duplicitous to me
Yeah
Because if yeah if if one of my beautiful boys comes to me and says I want to have a sleepover and I'm like, yeah
Sure, whatever and then I come in and there's big balls of yarn and everyone's got tails and they're fucking
fighting and there's
desiccated birds
Yeah, I'm gonna be
confused and probably upset
and also just side note if my
If one of my beautiful children came to me and said I want to have a sleepover and I said what's okay
What's the theme and they said no theme I would also be disappointed. That's true, right?
It's gotta have everything you're gonna throw away that chance to have a themed party of any sort. Really? Yeah
one time at the Minskers
Basement we had a slumber party that ended they just kind of turned out to be an Austin Powers themed sleepover
like it wasn't that was not the intention, but then we all showed up and
We were all just sort of like in the headspace of thinking about and talking about Austin Powers a lot
And then we watched Austin Powers and it was just like oh, it's we are
We are accidentally having an Austin Powers themed sleepover party and it was one of the best ones that I've it was one of the best
Austin Powers sleepover parties. I think I've had and Griffin didn't make you horny, baby. No
Start planning early. Even if you plan extremely early when not when not anyone is even thinking about your birthday coming up
This is good. You will have more time to think about what you really want to do
But you can't I I'm of the opinion you start planning too early. Yeah
To invite a couple people to the party see if they like the idea of having a warrior cats theme
Oh, they won't they probably won't and then what kicking around a few different ideas
if I could run past you kind of like having a clown or I don't know I thought about kicking everybody in
The ass when they showed up. Yeah, or maybe warrior cats one of those definitely one of those you it's got to be
Got you gotta switch those steps around right? You gotta ask people before you plan it, right?
Otherwise, you're gonna get so far down the pathway. This is the first step in planning it
This is the charts. I haven't begun to plan. We're just kind of blue sky and see if they would come
Yeah, okay. So also this is more of like I'm just I'm just floating this idea
Like this isn't necessarily an invite or a plan few different options. Just kicking them around if I did
What would you say also step one keep your grades up keep those grades up or your parents?
Will not let you dress up like kitty cats in a fight and desiccated bird
No way decorate before your guests arrive decorate your houses with post your houses
This is a this is we're having a progressive for your kids party. Nice
Yeah, we go from one house to another to sort of represent the different phases in a kitty cat's life. It's a crawl
It's a kitty cat crawl. It's a kitty cat crawl. Happy birthday to me. It's a kitty cat crawl
Yeah, I need you to drive me and my other kitty cats over to Doug's house for the starters
No, they're dry. Their dad says we can drink wild roses
Okay, decorate your houses with posters paw prints or anything else that will complement the theme if you have party games
Make sure anything you need for those games is ready
spider web how is that specific to a warrior's cat is
Preparation a big part of the Warriors cat ethos
Well, Justin you think a warrior cat just like wakes up one day and like I'm a fucking warrior cat now
No, that takes it takes a lot of work make each room a den
So you have sort of different home bases for the Warriors den make small nests of green spider web or three pillows to make a sleeping
Area when there's the leaders den for this you should choose the largest least occupied room
The couch can be your bed cover with the spider webs or pillows
Cover the floors in colored blankets or brown to give it that dirt and sand effect cover your cover your floors in brown
Why why spider web such a prevalent theme here? Is that a big thing and warrior cats or cats just love?
Have you been in the kind of woods that?
Feral cats make their battlegrounds trash not for a long time very
spooky and haunted and spiders
You will need an apprentice tin. I like the idea of you having a den
That's yours. So people show up and you're like fucking draped across your your
Shays lounge like bear. Oh, you've brought me a what is this a nerf gun?
Excellent put it on the pile
Perfect choice. Oh, I would have preferred a saucy of milk
Uh, there's other dens here, but Justin skipped ahead
So I may as well join him in the future which is to say make the high rock
Use multiple pillows stacked or use a chair or couch let the other cats sit below you on pillows or just spread out
Oh, I'm sorry. What if I don't want to be
The kitty cat who sits on the high rock at my own birthday party
Well, I think that says a lot about you Griffin, but I also understand it cuz heavy is you know heavy head. Yeah, sure
Joshua I don't care if it's fucking Plymouth Rock put the couch cushions
I'm gonna make your friends go home. I don't care if it is your birthday. Those are the guest room pillows
Use your pillows. What do you mean? Your pillows are the spiderwebs? Oh
God Timothy's pissing everywhere and not for the normal reason. So can you please ask him to stop?
I don't think the theme was Space Jam. I look like an idiot. I mean basketball themed treats. I'm here in a jersey
I invited somebody who's like dressed up as bugs and I'm feeling like a fucking idiot and then some of your friends fucking
Obliterated him cut him cut him wide open to our house guts put him on the fresh kill spot
Which is the next step in the wikiHow article in the middle of camp place a cardboard piece that is cut out like a stump
And decorated and when it comes to hunting the cats can put their fresh kill or stuffed animals on the stump
This
Sounds fun. I would that part got me that parts that part sounds good. I like that that this is my fresh kill
It's a Mickey Mouse that teaches you the ABC
It does it did skew a little bit Lord of the Flies there if I was a parent president this thing like oh
Wait, what is it? Huh?
Next oh, we're in the we're in the games section now
Welcome each guest maybe with a dip of your head or a whisper of welcome to the home of the clans
Probably not that one
welcome
We are East traveler. You got to really hit that ass on clans though
Boy start with some roleplay once everyone has arrived. Why not pretend to be my interest you in some light roleplay
My father has prepared some basketball cookies there
We don't have it next door. There is a
My twin brother Jebediah is having a basketball
Themed birthday party you can go and try on some of Michael Jordan's shoes
In retrospect I should have warned you about the theme of my party. Dr.
Sniffle whiskers has committed the gravest sin and shall be banished to the Space Jam annex
Start with some roleplay once everyone has arrived. Why not pretend to be warrior cats?
Yeah, there's a pretty good fucking idea. Yeah
Everyone could be one RP character roleplay and one real warrior. What the fuck does that mean?
If you're sure showed Joshua showed up as Sylvester, he can walk between planes
Man how is how is the Space Jam party Sylvester? That's pretty good
They're we are watching they're over there watching the new Space Jam. Not my favorite, but the basketball cookies man, you're stepdad
He cooks a mean basketball cookie. They made some
Hey, don't forget I got that plant-based milk of the downstairs fridge that you want. You're always looking out Josh's dad
No problem, Kevin. Hey, please call me Kevin. Whoa
a coincidence a team
Have a hunting party people can hide stuffed animals while others try to find a stuffed animal the number they were assigned to a written
Card around their neck. What? Yeah, why can't you just say Kevin go get the giraffe?
Why do you have to like put a number cuz that's not a hunt Griffin. That's that's fetching and cats don't fetch
Okay. Okay. Hey, it's different my cat that does actually fetch hair ties. That's fine
Yeah, have a twisted version of egg toss have every
Have everyone pair up and give each pair a spoon fill white water balloons up with dyed water
What was so fucked up, dude?
Are they what are they eggs? What is like? What is it? What does that have to do with the warrior cat mythos?
Yeah, there's spells so that each one gets magic spells. They're different colors
So red magic is like blood Matt the cat blood magic. Yeah
I'm blue man. Why this is milk is milk magic. They love it. It's queen man. You they love the queen man. They love the queen man
Collect that come up with a collector resource game in this game
Each den will be removed of its items and hidden among the quote-unquote forest teams assigned each den must collect the items and amount wanted
We're gonna search for the Queen. Hey Derek. Can I talk to you? Can we you're I think you've got a little deep
I'm gonna give you the kick and bring you back up to this level
You're a little deep in there Derek and we're kind of worried about you
We're not playing the game anymore Derek. We're out of the game for a second Derek
If you actually would go over to the space jam party, I feel like it would really
Derek I do notice that you did hide Timothy's inhaler out in the quote-unquote forest and we do need you to tell us where that is
No, that's my shiny special toy. No, he needs that for breathing and living. Do you have a way so I could chase?
Okay
Play pin the tail on the warrior. We've lost the plot completely do some more evening activities. Yeah, sure
Once you've eaten enjoy a snifter of brandy
Retire to the den for cigars
There are no laws here at the home of the clans all car. No pleasures are on the menu until
730 when your mom's pick you up
Once you've eaten, maybe you could play some warrior cat games with your friends on the internet having a good time
Have this is the greatest party. We're all playing in a roblox server
Sleepover if that's part of the plan
Okay, make dinner warrior cast theme to provide lots of meaty foods food is fresh kill in warriors
So you must get something close to meats think think think have meat skewers steak meatballs
pepperoni salami and hamburgers anything with juicy meat if
You have a vegetarian offer them veggie patties cheese anything that sticks to the theme if you have a vegetarian
They're getting eaten in the hunt. Let's be honest guys
It's gonna turn you're gonna roll that rock down onto piggy and you're gonna eat them all up
Come on, I don't eat the salad get a birthday cake. Wait. Hey, what are you eating?
Oh, these are corn patties is qr. Get him get him eat him now
That's the then birthday cake is the last thing
Someone does there's nothing funny there. It's just cake. So enjoy. Yeah, you can't have a party without cake
Don't be listen. We're all having a lot of warrior cats theme fun, but you gotta have a cake
It's a cake mouse flavor. No, it's a it's a fucking vanilla with like a cherry. I put a mouse in the cake Kevin. God
Damn it
How can I it's someone does ask what do I have for food?
If I have a vegan friend provide berries and greens for them to eat warrior cats use them from it
I don't I told you about the berries and greens thing
Okay, warrior cats use berries and greens for medicinal purposes
But you can pretend they are an elder or sick cat fine. Perfect. Oh, this is our sick. I'm not sick
I'm not sick. I'm actually so fucking healthy
Look at my big
Eggplant muscles that I got from all the plants. They stretch them out of the Space Jam party
No, they didn't stretch me out
I'm just taller than you cuz I drink like a lot of I drink
Plant-based milk that your dad gives me whenever I come over and I eat my greens. Oh, no
Let's smush him back into place. Stop it guys. I told you I don't like this thing me, please. Hey, can we ask?
For our friends listening at home to consider supporting our art and the maximum fun drive 2022 edition
I mean, I've just assumed they were
Frantically during that last bit
Trying to up their their donations there. They're just not doing it up. They realize that now listen
I can say this one statement with confidence. There's not a lot of things I say with confidence on the show
God knows I'm so shy, but you are literally not going to hear
Anything we have just said in the last half hour anywhere else
Yeah, that's on that's on point trap. Thank you
Yeah for sure
And do you want do you want that to die?
That precious ember of life still left in this world that we're blowing on so not so gentle
Just trying to spark some creativity and joy whether it be about the cars universe or warrior cats or eating chocolate off the floor
you can help us blow gently upon that ember of
Comedy and life by going to maximum fun.org for its last joy
It means the world this past year things have been pretty topsy-turvy
For for well for all of us of me and Rachel. I had a baby this year and it's been
Thanks. Yeah, I was waiting for any kind of acknowledgement
I thought you already had a baby. We yeah, we did it. We doubled down and
Too it's been it has been if I may get serious a little bit
difficult we have had
pretty inconsistent childcare between sort of
nannies, you know getting sick and
Daycares sort of closing basically every other week and the only reason why we have been able to sort of stay consistent is because we hired
an editor last year Rachel Jacobs who's been doing an incredible job and
All all of that is possible because of the support that we receive from from you all in the max fun drive
so it has a very direct like impact both on sort of the
Shows that you enjoy listening to I'm assuming if you're listening to this and also our lives because we are able to you know
Have personal lives and spend time with our families and stuff and not have to
stress a whole bunch about that balance because we have hired people that have helped us out using the money that you have
Given us in past drives. So it's it is a very meaningful thing to us professionally personally
Just just everything so and I'm also just a creatively things like
either see going weekly and us like committing, you know, very hard to even expanding projects and trying to still come up with new things and
Trying to do more streaming stuff on the YouTube all of that stuff is because we don't want to rest on laurels
Because every year we're shown again and again that the things that we make matter to people and it means a lot to us
So maximum fun org slash join five dollars a month
You're gonna get over 350 hours of bonus content ten dollars a month. You can choose from one of about a million patches
For all the shows on the network. You also get a max fun membership card
There's the $20 a month level you get all that stuff
You also can choose between a creativity kit that comes with a bunch of arts and crafts supplies and a cool
Illustrated deck of cards with like, you know springboard ideas for crafts or you can pick a rocket hat with the max fun rocket logo
On it. It's not really a rocket. Let's be clear. It's just a logo on it
No, listen, and we they want it to be a surprise everyone what but it's a hat that has two rocket turbo boosters on it
You strap it onto your face and lets you fly around up in the sky like an astronaut does it?
There's an unthinkable amount of bonus content. Yeah, I mean it's truly it's truly despicable
We mentioned it we blow past it. We say there's 15 days. It's
Okay, I mean just just for my brother my brother me and there's like some wild stuff for all of the shows
just for my brother my brother and me this one that you're listening to you right now, we've been doing these max fun drive things for
11 years
over a decade
We've got videos. We've got clips of live shows. We've got
There's videos where we riff over old movies
Yes, there's visual movies there's a demo of a song that Lin-Manuel Miranda wrote for us
there's commentary on five now of the Bim Bam TV show episodes with us and
episodes that our wives recorded together there's a griffins vor podcast that he recorded one episode of
There's a video home movies of us. There's our
absolute debacle of a
Show in Detroit about Star Wars that I actually did not realize had been
uploaded and I'm now not as enthused about people going to
Enjoy this there's last year. We did an episode called Pranky Doodle Dandy. Was that last year?
Fuck that was good. Yeah
No, no, no Pranky Doodle Dandy was 2020 freaky fun day freaky fun day. We switched all the bits around
That's right. And then this yes this year we developed the next great McElroy
Creative project and god damn it. Joel was on board. You gotta listen folks. You gotta get it. You gotta yeah
It's horrifying and incriminating. Did we announce the other thing that we recorded or is that secret stuff?
You know what? I think by this point, hopefully by this point we've hit it though
We recorded we took the transcript from an episode and then assigned the part we switched brothers
And yes, it's a remix. Yeah, it's a remix. Yeah, and so like I think I did Griffin Griffin did me
I think Justin was me. I was no I Griff Travis was Griffin and I know you were Travis
I was Griffin and Travis was me and we like did it it was
It was the dumbest silliest things. I was in a fugue state for most of it
It was genuine by the end. I was crying laughing and just crying
I was like whacked out on cold medicine when we first read it
And so hearing Justin sort of try to capture that in his performance was a true delight
I mean, you'll only hear that one if we hit the goal to release it and to you if you are max fun supporter
Cuz that is bonus content only be able to max fun supporters. So maximum fun org forward slash joint
I guarantee there's so much in there
I actually am mad now that it's been out a couple days the adventure zone one where we
Turned classic board games into an RPG and it hasn't taken the world by storm yet. So it'll get there. It'll get there. Okay
Uh, please maximum fun org slash join. Let's let's do another question while they go to that link and do all their stuff
Okay. Sorry. I've moved away from the well, I was thinking maybe we could have some interactive fun
And everybody could join in and play along at home. No
You're done with this one like
Here's here's the thing that I thought about cuz on on last week's
A wonderful. Yeah, Griffin and Rachel talked about me and how great I am
And I was like, that's really nice
And so I thought we could play a little play along home where I asked you trivia questions specifically about me
Right see how well you two and the audience at home know me. Do you think they'll like that?
I think I will
Right, but you're one and they are many. Yeah, I'm like one third of the host
So at least 33% of the hosts are on board with it when you think that way
Well, we know you pretty good. So let's get through this about as fast as we can
Okay, what is Travis McElroy's favorite dessert?
cheesecake
That's very good Griffin that was right off the bat. Yeah, I don't need it. I don't cheesecake. Sorry
There's two points for each. I don't think that Justin should get points because he's
Like I don't like Griffin it was clearly I like okay
Should we start? Well, should we restart the call to try to get this lag fix because maybe we should do a count again
Just see how bad the lag is. Okay, so juice go ahead
I don't think we need to know go ahead and just do the count so we can tell that the lag is good
One
Two yeah, that's pretty bad
Yeah, I told you juice you responded to what I said just then really fast so quickly
That was really maybe he was just ready to say it. Okay, what size shoe does Travis wasn't that fast?
What size shoe does Travis wear ten and a half?
I'm gonna say eleven to twelve. Come on guys. I got it. I got it. That's a big boy
I'm very stable point prices. Why no, it's exact or nothing
You how comes how comes how comes I'm like a little bit taller than you but your feets is I were a 9.5
I've got petite feet. Well, do you notice how you fall over a lot when there's like we see feeling up TV?
What are you rocking with juice?
What do you rock? What do you rock? I'm the 10. I'm the so
This is I'm usually a ten and a half, but if it's a narrow shoe, I gotta go up to 11
Wide Fred Flintstone. I do that's for me. That's for me
It's a 13 like cowboy boots something what's 12 and a half guys roller skates 12 and a half
So we all have pretty we we've all got I've got sort of a chode foot. Yeah
Christian band by the way from the from the mid-ops
Hello lost Crucis we are chode foot. Let's get ready to worship Jesus Christ
Why did you give switchfoot a sort of cockney?
Draught there, you know, they love that. So
That wasn't switchfoot. Griffin was chode foot. It was chode foot. It's a different thing completely different. Yeah, sure
Okay, one last one. How many tattoos just Travis have and Christ for a bonus point? Which one was his first?
Okay, I know the first one was the family
So crusty and fucked up and did you ever get that fixed or I did get it fixed
Okay, cuz that was a fixture lasered off. No, I got it. I got it redone
There are lots of hidden Justin's in there. It's like a hidden Mickey
Little hidden Justin and all the curlicues. That's fun. It's like a puzzle, but I'm gonna get a hidden Mickey tattoo
Okay, good. Don't tell me yeah good
I'm gonna say I'm gonna
I'm gonna say
Here's what I'll say. I'm gonna say eight
I'm gonna name the ones I can think of
there's
Haram, there's Nessie. There's a pineapple
There's a family crest
There's the all you can do is all you can do do. Yeah, there's five
There's the Triforce. Yes. Yeah, six. We all got that one. That should've been easier to remember. Yeah, it was
Are we forgetting? Oh, yeah, so I got that all you can do is all you can do the pineapple
I have the microphone with flowers. I have the wine glasses cheersing with flowers
I have the d20 that's all 20s that says I do that. I have the sheriff's star that says, you know morons
I have a lot of tattoos. You have two blazing saddle. Correct. I have the Triforce
I have the family crest and I have the Haram. So how many is that? One, two, three, four, five six
seven eight
Nine ten eleven. I got it perfectly. Eleven. I actually said eleven
Okay, then you got it Griffin wins, I guess how are you how are you guys not more impressed by that?
I guess the number of tattoos on my brother's beautiful body
I also would have accepted twelve because I had the one on my back redone. I would have accepted twelve
Okay, but it is exactly eleven, which is you win
I know your beautiful body so good, but not this feet the feet are a little bit. I try not to look at your feet
Yeah, I get that. They're so large. I got you this best brother trophy Griffin. All right
I also got you a best brother because you're both the best brothers
Participation trophy thanks for our first actually. Yeah
Participation trophies, huh?
Made ahead of time. How did we not talk about Jeff Foxworthy making a participation trophy joke in 2022 in his new net?
Yeah, they really there's a thing that went it did go viral online because it was Netflix is a joke
Which I guess is they're like comedy thing. They tweeted out
Clip or some screenshots with captions of Jeff Foxworthy's new special where he said, you know
It's funny back in my day. If you wanted a trophy when you're competing you had to win
That's the good shit right there baby, it's not even like
Like that observation itself is a decade. Yeah, so choice. There's a guy
so there's a Geico commercial on the air right now where that fucking
Slippery sexy gecko is talking to a woman at a diner and she's like I'm an introvert and he's like yeah
Lots of people are introverts. She's like no, I'm a very I'm an introvert and that's very special and I'm over here
I laugh so hard. I shit my pants. Yeah
because it's like a Griffin who is normally an extra became
Because it's like we're all busting up about how lots of people say they're introverts over. Oh, I did it again guys
I didn't even have to laugh this time the Geico gecko made this shit come out with his awesome awesome introvert jokes
Also
Jeff also he's getting to a point now where I don't know that I trust that he's never gone a participation trophy
He got a Netflix special in 2022
That's your
Around long enough. Yeah, you're still participating in life
And so you have a Netflix we came back around we gave everyone else who was kind of problematic and bad a Netflix special
So now we come back to you. Can you step up your problematic badness? So maybe I don't
Don't think anybody's even gonna want to put in the legwork
To do that to Jeff Foxworthy. It's like bigger and better. You know what I mean? Like he doesn't
What do you accomplish?
By by smashing Jeff Foxworthy like that by smashing him good. I don't I don't if you're a Jeff Foxworthy
You might be irrelevant. Is that anything?
I don't want to die
He might be the one to give us our big break
You guys ever think about that maybe he goes around also like if you look at how far we are from 20,000 new and upgrading donors
Like I feel a little Foxworthy myself
Maybe maybe we shouldn't peak not yes the EB peak. That's fair
Okay, I have an alternate joke then how about this is like okay sure and out
Participation trophies. He only gives them to people who are Foxworthy. Is that anything? I don't know
It could be something we it needs about it needs about a good month worth of punch-up in the writers room
But it's it's there's a seed there that I is. Oh, yeah, it's germinating. We've done one question
Really? Yeah, let's do it. Is that right? Let's do a second question
Okay
Here comes the second question every day. I take a walk around my neighborhood
Another what I mean another was weird
Yeah, you know what it is
Temperatures going on. Yeah, there is you want to get out there get your day a few
Be careful that terminology there my dude. Yeah, you heard it, right?
You're or is for our friends across your vitamin. There is your vitamin dick a
Few days ago. I noticed a plastic Easter egg in my neighbor's grass
It seems to have been missed during the Easter egg hunt is now six days past Easter
At what point does it become okay for me to take it?
It looks like there's something inside and I want it really bad this from hiding from the bunny in Dallas
Is this another I did more handy person? This was not on trying to eat some ground
I didn't organize these that way you're on purpose. Okay, listen, but at this year I did put
Lego ninjas in the Easter eggs. Yeah, and by I I mean
The bunny did it the bunny at my mother-in-law's house put 62 cents
For grandkids for eggs each one had 62 cents in it when I said hey
Why is there 62 cents in this egg?
She said that's the amount of change I had that would evenly break up before four kids and I said Becky next time just two
Quarters my kid doesn't need the taxes
That is an absolutely
Bonkers thing that I asked BB the other day if she was gonna get a job when she grew up and she said I don't
Have to I already got money in my bank because she has about two inches worth
In a like one of those big clear coke bottle bank about two inches worth of loose change and as far as she is concerned
She is set for life. So yeah, two quarters probably would have accomplished the like I got money feeling
Is it all from Becky all from Becky are they all Becky bucks just like I get changed and I'm like
I don't want to put this in my point here. This is your allowance or whatever
I did I do that
I'm very cavalier with with like change that I get and I put it in the girls piggy bank and then
Inevitably, I'm like going to the car wash or something like oh fuck. Hey guys, I'm sorry
One day my daughter will catch me in bed
Dad I called the police on you I saw that you took two dollars and fifty cents
I think I had to I had to put air in the tires. Oh, yeah, tell it to the judge dad
I think that this is a failing on the parents part or whoever has hidden these eggs
Yes, you gotta take pictures on your phone every time you hide an egg. So that's a very least
Account you need to know how much now that does get difficult to do when you're like the Easter Bunny told me
He hid 32 eggs and we only got 31. So the Easter Bunny said so so hey, did you look over there?
I got a strong feeling the Easter Bunny might have hid one
But it is human nature to see a little what is essentially a treasure chest
Oh, yeah, and want to know what's inside of it because maybe it is floor candy. Maybe it is for to grass chocolate and
By which I mean a new cool futuristic house for ants. Yeah that they live in like whoa, this is so modern
What is this Philip? I love it. It's so an egg for ants. Oh, that's
What if it's a real always get my if it's a real Easter egg, oh
Oh, and it like starts you on a whimsical journey through the fantastical where you partner up with the Easter money
Like that's the thing is like this is if we approach more things with the wonderment and trust of a child
We would go on more adventures because think about how many times you've seen something you're like
I should pick that and you're like, ah, that's garbage and most of the time it probably is but moves a magical ring
That would start you on a fantastical journey of love and acceptance like an Easter egg like a secret in a movie or a game
Oh, it might be that to click on it. It's like how in the second Sonic the Hedgehog movie
You there's like one scene where they're playing basketball and you can see
dr. Eggman's balls
Really and it but it's like a secret just for true fans just for true believers just for true believers in it
Hey question asker
Are you maybe telling a little tale on yourself when you say there seems like there's something inside you definitely picked it up and shook
It right you weren't you weren't clocking from a distant
You weren't using your x-ray vision on the egg hold and like you held it up to the light at the very least, right?
Yeah, maybe they saw the wind blow it and it didn't move. So they just assumed like it's got some sort of
Lego ninja or something inside of it
Gee, have you guys seen the Easter bunny that they had up to the White House? No, was it a bad boy?
Was it a bad one? This is my this is my fear. I'm gonna drop the picture now. I'm talking
This is my theory is that there is no oh man
Try to find a picture of the Easter bunny that does not bother you that is is non not a problem at all
And it can't be done. That's not it
That's not it. This was not it. This is it looks like a fucking
Furry fan movie about the government. This is literally which by the way, I would watch the full
God, yes, please. It is a person in a white bunny costume with a purple dress wearing a gigantic
Mass and all standing at Jim Pulaski's podium
At the white and strangely it looks like a crepe paper valentine on their chest. It's horrific. This is a terrible bunny
They're all bad expression on their face is one of
Absolute shock. Oh, I would have said condescension, but okay. No, I mean this is clearly clearly
Dr. Jill Biden has said something here that is
Unprecedented and these bunnies are not loving it. And also why are these bunnies wearing so much eyeshadow that now that's from 21
Can you imagine if that bunny was at the podium when?
Some like very serious news came out and they're like, I'm just being handed this. Hold on
Now I actually just give I like this second bunny more
But not a lot not a lot but more
a
Listener they're like community theater tricks. Like you cannot find a good Easter by that makes you feel good
This is your bunny does look like a character designed from a rankin bass, right? The first one is
Complex in in my feelings about that one, but the second one that's definitely being voiced by like a Joel Gray
To tell me about the miracle of Easter and when Jesus came and gave us eggs
We're at the mall. I asked Cooper if she wanted to get her picture taken with Easter Bunny and she said no, I
Want him to be gone. That's god. That's good. Yes, that's accurate. Yes, correct way better
Yes, what happened to me, which is my daughter wanted a picture with these running
I was like, okay and she walked over and then she said you too daddy and I can't say no, so I had to
Get my picture taken with this Easter Bunny and at that point like I know and the Easter Bunny knows and we're both there
Doing this that it was a lie
There was a lot of
Sorry that I just say real quick the flowers in this White House picture are kind of sad
That second one they're they're not well
They're very droopy
I want a month quad. Holy shit. Some fun org join. I want a munch
Looks like the Easter Bunny is like one of the cabinet members and isn't
They are droopy right? Thank you
They're really true. This is weird. They're droopy. It doesn't matter
This is a maybe they were taller and then you couldn't see and so they just smushed them down
Maybe KFC is offering fried chicken bouquets for Mother's Day
It's really so
Really sweet. Oh, just what mom wanted. Oh, okay. Wait
They're partnering with Mother's Day. Yes
The Mother's Day KFC and pro flowers this Mother's Day KFC and pro flowers are helping you create
Sorry celebrate mom. They're helping you create an Android mom to replace the mom that left
We've got a great pitch for you this summer Dan Aykroyd is back in my mom's
Powered by chicken just fall off the bone mom
Mom is tender and juicy extra crispy moms introducing the Kentucky fried bouquet a
DIY floral arrangement that once assembled can be part fried chicken part fresh flowers and all together amazing
Yeah, I have to put it together
Hang in there, bud
Order a KFC size lovers meal for Mother's Day via the KFC mobile app
Between May 1st and May 3rd and receive a promo code to redeem your very own free Kentucky fried bouquet
Kit from pro flowers the Kentucky fried bouquet kit from pro more you say it by the way, the more I hate it
It will include 12 colorful and vibrant roses a glass vase a
KFC vase applique eight skewers
for KFC's world-famous fried chicken separately purchased and not included in kit and
A card to tell mom just how much you love her as if the bouquet didn't do so
All right, I you know what I this is no secret. I love I love fried chicken. It's one of my favorite foods
Not my favorite, but one of my favorites, but you know, I've always thought that it was missing a certain rose
Flour and a leaf rubbed against it quality. Yeah that I think will really heighten it
Oh this chicken tastes good, but it doesn't taste enough like it's been rubbed on
Uncooked plants has it been close to plants and on them. Yeah getting some of the flavor dust
Do I have to pull this out of a glass container?
Myself and do it like some kind of I don't know weird monster
Are you asking me? Yes
Okay, this is where I love these because I feel like if you're writing one of these maybe you get to a point where like I
Can't just be that this is what I'm supposed to be doing all day today is writing this press release
I can't I mean I've covered everything
What else can I write? Let's see. Um pair the size lover's meal with a Kentucky fried
But a kit for a DIY arrangement that you can make for mom with the food
Provided by KFC and roses and supplies provided by pro flowers
Yeah, once assembled the bouquet can feature KFC extra crispy chicken tenders or chicken
delicately skewered and tucked into a vase
Alongside a blooming arrangement of Adele's in multicolored roses that will truly make mom want to stop and smell the fried chicken and roses
This mother's day. I'm history can't see all you're giving me the skewers. I can pull over the fuck. I want. Oh, yeah
Okay, don't tell me what kind of chicken then it's like certainly that's long enough. No, you're gonna have one more paragraph. Okay, boss
Why bouquet you might ask well like any iconic duo?
Kravitz, Bennifer, Brangelina, etc. What was the first one? Am I in that one?
Kravitz? Is that me? Is that is that Kendall Jenner and Travis?
Some something? I think it's me and Zoe Kravitz, but I'm confused. Okay Kravitz, Brennifer. Zoe Kravitz and I broke up.
Janderson
Brennifer is breakfast Jennifer Aniston. Waste to be fair is my favorite couple.
Miss Aniston, can I come in? Not right now. I'm having Brennifer. That's what I call it. Have you ever seen Jennifer Aniston and breakfast together? Fucking happy.
I've actually never seen them in the same room. Oh, maybe they're the same person. Yeah, I'm just saying Jennifer Aniston is breakfast.
Hey ladies, let's go get some mimosa at Brunchifer. That's what I call it when I have brunch. Okay, Miss Aniston.
So like any iconic duo you combine the two icons in this case
Bucket and Bouquet and get Bouquet. They literally have a paragraph
Explaining they're broken down busted little bit of needleages. Hey, here's how a portanto works buckle up
Yeah, anyway, if you aren't already in fucking stitches, let's break it down
Now do you guys we got if two famous Jennifer's started dating each other that like tabloids would just explode?
Or do you think they would just like this is Jennifer Jennifer or?
Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer of her
Jennifer Jennifer Aniston and Jennifer Lopez together today and our brains exploded
Nick Chavez the CMO for KFC
the
Sorry, his title is CMO KFC US a
Regular bouquet of flowers is a good gift for mom
Okay, but a sides lovers meal and Kentucky fried bouquet is a finger-licking
Good way to take Mother's Day from a 10 to 11 one of the worst sentences. I've ever read my how was your mother's day?
Oh, it's great. Honey. Was it finger-licking? Yeah
Mom, tell me the honest truth was a finger-licking Nick continues with three sides four
Buttery biscuits and the unforgettable truly fried chicken and flour table decoration
Everybody is sure to get something they like to eat and mom is sure to smile for the mom who only has one partner and two
kids
the perfect choice
since
1952 KFC has been bringing families together for Mother's Day with a bucket of its world famous fried chicken
KFC sells nearly four hundred
Thousand buckets of fried chicken. So my chicken really making it one of the best sales days of the can't just be us alone
No, right
Well, I don't know. Yeah, it's gotta be international
But Mother's Day is just a US holidays. Yeah, but I'm saying other places still you they don't they don't say
Well, it's Mother's Day. No fried chicken today. Don't want to add to the numbers. Yeah, sure
I asked my I asked my Japanese tutor if he was getting KFC for
Christmas because that's a big tradition in Japan is getting your bucket of KFC for Christmas and he said oh no
It's a sad chicken
It's not wrong, maybe it's better over there we don't know
But anyway, you can do that. That's now remember you gotta wait till the first. Is it the first now?
Uh, no one knows
It doesn't matter. I can't remember but like you got to do on the app to get your sides lovers meal
And I guess they'll ship you the flowers. I can't imagine how this works
I'm sure that there's a helpful person in app to walk you through it with no confusion
Yes, and I'm sure if you go to any KFC in the country and tell them
They get drippy and he's like I see you're trying to order from KFC. Can I help? It's me drippy
the sentient gravy drip
That's a great character that I don't like I've been talking about this for too long but drippy is actually pretty yes
Well, I'd like to make an appointment the genius part. Yeah, what seems to be a problem? I can't get drippy off my phone now
I'm on your finger. Yeah, I see you're trying to take a snap for your friend
Yes, drippy, please. You should add the grease filter. That's I don't have that you do now. Oh fuck Wow
Why are you deleting these texts? I'm telling Karen no
It's not about that. It's not like that drippy. You don't know me. You don't know my life to me drippy drippy
Yes
You don't understand the sexual attraction these cars have these are the sexiest cars in town, okay?
No, that's the one thing I do get Oh to be the oil in their engines
drippy
I don't think you burr. I don't think you burn clean drippy. I want to get pounded by their pistons. Jesus Christ
I want to lube the carburetor
Them as their love moves through this show
Okay, this show has never been I would say in immediate proximity to the light of Christ
but I would say that this episode has moved the
Between drippy and cars would happen in marriage
Yeah
Under the eyes of a loving car slash Greece God
Okay from Greece's
God's only son Greece's the good news. He's here to lubricate your sword
It's probably would go with his Jesus Christ. That is what we would go with. Oh, I see you're one of those
Maximum fun org slash join is the link one last time
Yes, please five dollars a month
If you can kick that in if you can boost if you can upgrade to the a new level you're gonna get all those great
Gifts and all the bonus content, but really you'll be helping us to make our show and like after this
After drippy, do you know if you hadn't if no one donated to our show ever?
Drippy would have never been like snatched out of oblivion and brought in
About that you could prevent a tragedy like that. Hey kidding aside. We have a lot of fun here
We have a lot of fun here
We we really need your support. I know it's tough out there
I get it once in a generation inflation a precarious economy
I understand but uh, if you can find it in your heart or your wallet rather to kick in or your heart
If that's where you keep your money
It would really see I asked you. Oh, right, right, right
Don't put money in your heart
You might really mean the world and I'm not talking to the other people. I'm talking to you. Yes
Yes, you the one right now
With we won't we won't say your name socks the one with socks. I'm not even wearing socks right now
Okay. Well you I'm talking to you if you listen to the show if you like it
We really need you so maximum fund org for a second
One of the things I want to say real quick one if you're thinking about doing it do it now
This is the last episode of my brother my brother me wait where you'll hear us talk about it for another calendar year
So don't wait or else you might slip right out of your mind secondly speaking of
There being some hard times out there
Not everybody who wants to become a member of the maximum family is able to if you're already a member
you can also donate memberships either to people, you know, or
They have a waiting list of people who have signed up who want to be max fund members
But can't afford it this time around you could be a hero to them
And and facilitate their membership. You can do that as well at maximum fun org join
Thank you to maximum fun. Thank you to montaigne for being here
And thank you to the
For the use of our theme song my life is better with you
Uh, it's a it's a track that will
never leave you
unsatisfied oh
I don't really know what that means. I don't even know that. I want to commit to having had said that
But I think it would not too late now
I'm not saying like the song makes you
finish but I
But there have been it doesn't it'll make you start
It doesn't prevent you from finish. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it won't get that's a tasteful way of putting it
Yeah, I don't want to do
Impressions anymore. Well, I have one we'll get to it. Um
What would montaigne's name be in the car jeepers? Uh
Mon octane
Oh, yeah, that's really good. Okay good
Um, I was thinking griffin you could just give us a little easter bunny. Oh, okay
Oh, yeah, who wants an egg from me I make them inside
Justin track. I'm travis mcelroy. I'm mcelroy's
I'm
Grip
Gripping the gripping the road with my tires mcelroy trackle roy trackle royce
I'm gripping trackle royce. How about roof rackle roy?
I this has been my brother my brother. I kiss your dad score on the lips
Oh
Oh, it's better with you Maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned audience supported
