The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello everybody, welcome, my brother, my brother, and me, and in my show for the modern era,
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I am your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet baby brother, and 30 under 30 media luminaire, I haven't said that in a while,
Griffin McElroy, but it's still true. Guys, I'm so excited. Folks at home,
you're going to be so excited. We got a special guest with us this week.
You'll never believe it. It's the my brother, my brother, and me fall time prize mummy.
What? Oh, the prize mummy's back.
Do you just remember the prize mummy? The fall time prize mummy.
Yeah. The prize mummy.
We did him back in what, 2012? Yeah.
I have no memory of the things you're saying.
We did prize mummy in 2012, 2013. I think that was the last one. We changed up the rules each
time. One, you had to rip a bandage off, and however much you got off, you got that much back
in store credit. That's right.
I mean, it sounds funny. I'm wild about it over here.
It was young as fuck. It was funny as fuck, and it's only going to be funnier.
He used to be the Halloween prize mummy, and then we did some focus testing, and that wasn't playing
super well with our Christian base, so he became the fall time prize mummy.
That might be why you don't remember him right away, but he's back.
He's here sitting next to me. Very close.
The focus group also said they preferred the mummy to be dead, like a historical,
in a museum, dead mummy, and didn't get up and move around.
But at that point, what's the game? If you're not chasing the mummy down trying to rip off
its precious expensive bandages that you can trade in for store credit at Dick's Sporting
Goods, what's the fucking point?
It's been a little while. The mummy has asked if he could share some of his political opinions.
He can't speak to air those opinions out, right?
Right. If he does try, scarabs fly out of his mouth, which is rather unpleasant, so I'd rather
he didn't do that. I guess just interpret him for a
trab and maybe clean him up a little bit. I'm going to try to.
Okay, so he's holding up a sign here. Okay, well that's interesting.
On this one, he's written that women should get the vote.
Oh my god, prize mummy. Yeah, no, we did that.
He's underlining an exclamation point, exclamation point. Okay.
Yeah. Oh, he's crossing it out.
Oh, oh, oh, wait. Oh.
What's that mean then? He's now just nodding slowly.
Oh no. Oh, prize mummy.
I don't feel like any prizes have even been exchanged at this point.
No, he's kind of holding them hostage at this point. He's got them all tucked behind him
and he's holding a finger out at me and waggling it and pointing at his dry erase board.
Trev, can you sneak a peek? Can you sneak a peek at the prizes?
What do we got? Oh, it's a, huh.
It's a lot of cans without labels.
Can you ask him where he got those from?
Yeah, let me, oh my honey. Prize mummy?
I've already seen that it's cans. Where'd you get the can?
Okay, you're shrugging. You can't shrug.
You got the cans from somewhere. Where did he, he's doing like a,
I'll never tell. I'm a little stinker kind of thing.
Prize mummy, where did you get the cans?
I think, Trev, maybe the more important question is where did you get the prize mummy?
Yeah, where did you find the prize mummy?
Because as I understand it, he's apparently been idle for a few years.
Yeah, well, no, this isn't the original prize mummy.
The original prize mummy is working in LA now.
This, I got this prize mummy off of Cincinnati Craigslist.
But he told me he is a certified prize mummy with the guild.
Yeah, he told you that. And what did that exchange look like when you,
I'm guessing, rented a budget truck to pick up, did it come with sarcophagus?
Of sorts. It was mostly, can I be honest?
Yeah.
It was just an old foot locker that he was in.
The store, like the store?
No, Griffin, don't be ridiculous.
You bought a foot locker at an old mall?
And then there was just a mummy inside?
Now hold on.
No, okay, I can see the confusion.
I did not buy the foot locker shoe store, but I did buy an old chest, a foot locker at a mall.
And he was inside of there reading a book.
And the book was men are from Mars and women are from Venus, which was weird.
That is weird.
And so I think mummy in the foot locker is a really good episode of Are You Afraid of the Dark?
I think that would be good.
And we could do a fun bit where he is wearing Air Jordans.
Was he buried in the foot locker?
So maybe he was buried in the box at the store?
Is that right?
Can you ask when he was mummified?
Because it's starting to sound like the answer might be like 1979.
Let me ask, when were you mummified?
Last week?
Last week.
Okay, okay, that's not a mummy.
That's not a mummy, that's a dead person.
That's a dead body.
Okay, well, get out of here.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Let's find out what these prizes are, though, before we go kicking this cadaver out.
Can I open one can at least?
Can I open a can?
Okay, he's carefully picking which can.
How do you know what they are?
There's no labels.
Oh, okay, this one, I should open this one.
Okay, let me open this one.
Okay, oh, oh, okay.
It's, huh, it's alphabet soup.
Oh.
Okay, but it's, oh, all the words are dirty words.
It's just spelling out dirty words everywhere.
He's giggling.
How is that possible?
Yeah, I don't know.
But no, you do know, you're there.
Well, it's just every time I shake the can a little bit,
the letters that float to the top are saying like poopy butt kind of thing.
So it's like a magic eight ball, but it's soup.
Soup?
Yeah, oh, he's casting a spell.
Okay.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
Oh, no, sorry, it's just a card trick.
Sorry, I misunderstood what he was doing.
Oh, it's pretty good.
Yeah, that is my card.
Wait.
Oh.
Man, Trav, you really had us going with this prize mummy thing,
but I feel like the last couple seconds have really been a...
Yeah, I think we understand now what this is.
Well, he left.
If I'm being honest, he left as soon as I started asking questions about the cans.
He got pretty squarely and he left.
So I was covering for that because I didn't want you guys to know that he's loose.
And I'm sorry about that, world.
I set him free from the Foot Locker in the Foot Locker,
and now the prize mummy could be coming to your town today.
So he could be anywhere at this point.
Yeah.
Do you think Brendan knows whenever this happens?
Well, he gets a call from the government, doesn't he?
Okay, yeah, sure.
Should we have asked him to do this bit with us?
Brendan Fraser?
It feels intentional now, doesn't it?
It does a little bit.
Yeah.
To not to keep him out.
Fuck, I would love to get Brendan Fraser on the show.
Fuck, I would love to do that.
God, I'd love it.
That would be cool.
That would be cool.
He doesn't have to talk about the mummy.
No.
Unless he wants to.
If he wants to, of course.
He doesn't have to talk about the mummy,
he just has to vanquish the Cincinnati mummy
that Travis has now just let loose upon the world.
Yeah, and I said I was sorry.
If anybody knows Brendan, that never works.
But if you do know Brendan personally,
I'd love to get him on the show just to talk.
I feel like there's so much we could talk about.
I'll talk to him about Blast from the Past.
Sure, absolutely.
I'll talk to him about his arc on Scrubs,
which is really good.
Oh, it's great on Scrubs.
George of the Jungle.
Gods and Monsters?
Are you kidding me?
Come on, what a talent.
I love Brendan.
Doom Squad.
Anyway, this is my brother on Brother Man.
Encino Man.
Yeah.
You know, Encino Man set up a big sequel.
The big sequel on Encino Man that they never paid off.
I'm still a little chuffed, a little chafed.
Admit you Googled bedazzled.
There's no way you remember.
Actually, no one remembers the existence of bedazzled.
You tell me you Googled it.
That was bedazzled with Elizabeth Hurley
was also in the film.
That doesn't prove that you didn't Google it.
Maybe me and Travis are just big bedazzle heads.
Yeah.
This isn't my show.
And we're going to...
We're going to be helping everybody.
Whether they want it or not.
We have an excited promotion in the second half of the show.
We will talk about what to do with the teeth.
Just passing mention here.
Don't anybody else email us what you do with teeth.
Now it's bad.
Maybe you should explain for people who missed that episode
what you just said is probably the wildest shit they've ever heard.
They should listen to that episode then, I guess.
And I'm not going to backtrack for people.
We had someone had some teeth that they wanted to unload
and we offered to kind of like Craigslist it for them on our show.
So we had a bunch of people.
Well, you'll see.
Let's talk about it later.
Right now, I want to talk about you.
Me?
The listener.
Me?
No, not never you.
Here comes the questions.
I need to take a drug test for a boat captain's license I'm getting.
These can be expensive when your company isn't making you do it on their dime.
However, I'm also currently job hunting.
So the interviews I want to ask if there is a drug test
but because I want to take it since they will pay for it.
Wait, okay, hold on.
Wait, okay.
Okay, this person needs a drug test.
So they're trying to get a job so they can get a complimentary drug test.
Yes, as I understand it.
Yes.
Yes.
How do I ask if there's a drug test in a way that indicates
I actually want to take the drug test?
Wow.
Charles, youngest of three brothers.
That is actually.
Jesus.
You have to float this as reverse reverse psychology where it's like
if you say like, oh, and is there a drug test?
Because I really want to take one.
They're going to think you're asking that because you don't want to take one.
How do you then flip it back judo style to the other side?
I tell you, there's another trick to it too.
Where you say, is there a drug test?
I really want to take it, right?
Or is there, let's start here.
Is there a drug test?
Now they're thinking it's because they're worried about drugs
and they take drugs and that's why they're asking.
But the other option is then you say because I really want to take it
and I'm not afraid of it at all.
And then they say, oh, okay.
Well, then like, why even bother doing the drug test
if they're asking to take it?
They're probably good.
So let's not worry about it.
Are you suggesting you roll up and you're like, what's up?
My name is Grungy Doob Lord.
And I really, oh boy, I got a question to ask you,
but I don't know if I should.
Y'all don't do, y'all don't do drug tests, do you?
There's, okay, risk of this, risk of this,
is that they're so enchanted by Grungy Doob Lord
that they actually are like, we normally do,
but I definitely do like you on staff and we're gonna wave it.
You have, if I may, an intoxicating presence.
I am, if you'll forgive, addicted to Grungy Doob Lord
and I do wanna have you on staff.
So we're gonna wave the drug test
or I'll give you some of my piss.
Are you sure?
Cause I'm happy to take the drug test if you need me.
I wanna party with you Grungy Doob Lord
and whatever that it takes.
But I like getting high on the rules.
So as well as drugs.
So I mean, maybe if there's a drug test, that's cool.
I was gonna suggest that you just like be honest
because that would be like a very memorable thing
in an interview if you're like,
do you guys do drug tests?
Cause I'd actually love to take one
because I need it for my boat captain's license.
That'd be extremely memorable.
But if I'm a hiring manager,
that is gonna raise a huge red flag with me.
Like once you get permission to get out
in those beautiful waves,
then I'm gonna lose you to Lady C.
You ain't coming back.
You're Poseidon's girlfriend now.
You're not returning.
I am but a port that you have stopped in
on your way to bigger and better things,
by which I mean the ocean,
which is both bigger and better than any job I could offer you.
Unless the job is for an airline pilot,
at which point that is better.
That is one step above.
Yeah, but there's no way
they're gonna fucking trust you then.
There's no way the air pilots would trust a boat pilot
or a potential a wannabe boat pilot.
You can't have dominion over the sky and the sea.
What do you think you are?
I'm saying, okay, the structure as we all know,
at the top is astronaut,
then airline pilot,
then boat captain,
then river boat captain,
then subway driver.
Long-haul trucker I think beats subway driver.
Okay, yeah, long-haul trucker,
then subway driver,
then subway sandwich artist,
and then just any kind of digger,
anybody who just digs into the ground with a big drill, right?
I think they put them above the subway sandwich artists.
Oh, really?
And you also skip like train engineer, like above.
No, that's counted in river boat driver
because the railways are the rivers of the earth.
That's cool.
Metal rivers crisscross this beautiful land
that we call America.
Exactly.
And just America, we're the only ones with trains.
Well, still, I mean at this point.
We should do trains at some point, right?
America's going all around, hither and yon,
so freaking fast.
Man, America's really buying into trains, huh?
Should we buy into trains?
Nah.
Nah, it's a sucker's bet.
Nah, we're still using those boats
that horses pulled along by the side of the river
because we don't know how sails work, I guess.
Hey, do you want to yacht?
This question is so regressive and weird.
The question's not regressive and weird,
but why do boat captains have to take a drug test?
Is it so important that- Captain Ron.
Captain, do you think Captain Ron
set a bad precedent?
He ruined it.
Yep.
Okay.
I'm just saying-
That doesn't make sense.
That's such a good answer.
I get why you maybe don't want your sky pilot
to be like under the influence,
but a boat captain,
I feel like it's pretty hard to crash a boat, right?
Well, I mean, okay, here's the thing.
I will say, I would like-
Well, I mean, it's to the contrary.
I mean, people are crashing boats.
But here's, to that point, Justin,
I would like my boat captain to be sober
at the beginning and ending of the journey.
In the middle there, lot of open water.
That's it, you're throwing a dart
and just letting it fly.
And while it's flying, just like,
hey, we're cruising, so now I'm cruising for a boozing.
Yep. Catch you later.
I'm thinking of, I guess,
cruise ships and yachts and shit like that.
If you're in a little speedboat,
yeah, you should definitely, definitely tighten up.
I got a Yahoo here.
And this one was sent in by Graham Roebuck.
Hey, beautiful, beautiful dovetailing here.
Thanks, Graham.
It's Yahoo Answers user Katie J who asks,
what's the easiest way to get a free boat?
I want a boat, but I don't have any money.
How can I get one for free?
Huh?
I mean, if you wait until a very intoxicated person
falls out of their boat, but the boat's still moving,
if you can catch it, round it up, free boat.
I get, okay, first things first,
we need to define some terms, right?
Because boat could, like, are we not,
I mean, are we, and of course not a toy, Griffin,
but I'm saying, are we talking about perhaps
a, like, simple, you know, like floats on the water,
holds maybe like one person, like, you know, a duck?
Yeah, that's the minimum, yes.
Okay, then I have learned from watching many movies
that people often just leave those things,
like on the seashore, perhaps, turned upside down
with a crab living underneath it.
You might just find one, like, on a creek, you know,
washed up.
In a river delta somewhere.
Yeah, right, right, right, right, right, right.
So I think it's just that's persistence.
Now, if you're talking about a quality boat,
you're talking about a boat that others will envy.
Now you're speaking my language.
I was watching this series,
I can't remember if it was on TikTok,
it was probably on TikTok,
where somebody was doing some trading
and they started with, like, a bobby pin
and then they just went from person to person,
seeing if they could trade up
until they traded for a house.
So why not do that?
Start trading for a boat.
I don't want me to think about it, but that's not free.
Well, you get the bobby pin for free.
If you told me right now you would give me $100
if I could give you a bobby pin,
I don't think I could find,
like, I'm not sure I could find one.
Well, what's the equivalent you could find?
Justin doesn't have to be a bobby pin.
It could be a safety pin.
It could be a button.
You have a boat?
A boat for a boat.
I'll trade you this bobby pin for that boat.
Boat for boat.
Boat for boat.
I'm a B for B.
I'm on Craigslist looking B for B.
You gotta start with a small boat
and you start trading up
until you get to your own cruise ship.
Hey, no fucking games.
I'm trying to do a B for B trade here
in Austin, Texas, hit me up.
No fucking drama here.
Tell us about your boat
to see if anybody else is interested.
They bought their boat,
now they're having second thoughts
and they're like,
maybe this wasn't the boat for me,
but maybe, Griffin,
your boat is the boat for them.
So tell them about your boat.
Gray.
Ooh.
White, gray stripes, blue.
It looks like one of those
cups with the cool, sort of gray,
seafoam blue pattern
spraying across the back of it.
Like a Dixie cup?
Like a Dixie cup.
And on the back it says
boat.
It says hard boat.
Hard boat.
How big is it, Griffin?
How big is your boat?
Six feet.
Wow, nice.
Is that?
How wide is it?
Six feet tall.
50 feet long.
Wait, and how wide?
Griffin, this is so important.
How wide?
Six feet.
It's a submarine.
So it's six feet?
It's six feet tall and six feet wide
and 50 feet long.
Yeah, if you're in a hard boat,
you know what's up.
Carry or go out to the ocean,
rent a boat.
Okay.
Okay, I have two plans.
Rent a boat, keep going.
Free.
Free boat.
It's free.
That's a free boat.
If there's a deposit,
listen, let's fucking allow
this one technicality.
If there's like a $150 deposit,
but it's still a free boat.
Yeah, if you compare it to boat,
it's free.
So that's the one option.
If you don't want to get all nasty about it,
what I would do is rent a boat,
get a big tank of boat gas
and then drive around in the ocean
looking for someone that has run out of gas.
Sorry, regular gas or boat gas?
No, yes, of course.
Sorry, thank you.
Chunky, extra chunky boat gas.
Yeah.
Now we're not talking about sailboat oil,
right Justin?
We're talking about specifically
engine boat gas, right?
Yeah, for engine boats.
Yeah, boat gas.
Okay.
So you drive around,
you find some wood,
it was run out of boat gas.
Okay.
And they're like,
fuck, this sucks.
I'm never getting home to my beautiful husband
and my eight sons.
Don't worry about it, sir.
I have boat gas for you.
Okay.
The only trade that we need to make is
I need that boat.
But you have a boat.
It's mine.
But no, this is a rental.
You take this rental back,
and I'll fill up your boat with boat gas,
but it's mine.
This is a B2B trade.
Yeah, no games.
The rental's still going to get back
and that person gets to live on.
Now, I want to hit you with a second sub plan.
This one's extra spicy,
so you really want to send the kids out of the room,
but starve them out.
Oh no.
Okay, wait.
So they run out of gas.
There's actually,
now that I think about it,
they have,
if you want to get Mad Max about it,
they have nothing to offer you,
you know, so just wait until they have perished.
Now, you're going to risk a Coast Guard rescue in this option.
Yeah.
And you, and let me tell you, friend,
if the Coast Guard shows up at your park next door
like a vulture,
they are going to have a word with you.
I'm just waiting for a free boat.
Yeah, I was going to take this and they died.
I was just waiting.
I wasn't actively hurting them,
but I wasn't helping either.
I wasn't helping.
There's no rule that says I have to help, officer.
International waters.
You are 20 feet from the beach.
They could have swam then.
This person deserves whatever they get.
Guys, I'm thinking about it.
There's so many fucking ways to get a free boat.
It's wild that we all don't have boats at this point.
I'm sitting here thinking about all the boat captains
I could seduce and take their boats from.
Why haven't I been doing that already
just for the sport?
Yeah, I mean, my ways don't involve
as much sort of murder or wrongful death
as the two of you are sort of floating.
Whoa, whoa.
Neither of mine involved in murder.
I said seduction, Griffin.
Consensual seduction.
Seduction that you then throw them
over the edge of the boat.
No, Griffin, I seduced them on land
and then once our lovemaking has exhausted them
beyond their ability to mobilize-
You steal their boat.
I steal their boat and then I sail it to the next port,
seduced again.
The perfect crime.
And Griffin, can I tell you?
I give that boat to my newly seduced captain
and take their boat.
You don't try and sail two boats at the same time?
You fucking-
No, I tried that in college.
Yeah, didn't work.
One foot on each one.
It always sounds good, doesn't it?
Yeah, it sounds good.
It sounds good.
You go to boat rental place to go back to that well.
You go back to boat rental place.
You sail away in a beautiful, beautiful boat.
If you do a deposit, it's fine.
You eat that deposit.
It's gone.
And then you park it up the jetty
and you come back without it and you say,
ah, wouldn't you fucking know it?
Big storm.
The perfect storm.
White squall.
Very localized.
Very localized.
Sunk to the bottom of Davy Jones' locker.
Anyway, can I get another boat?
And my deposit back.
It wasn't my fault.
White squall.
Perfect storm, please.
And you have insurance, right?
That's also, that is an insurance loophole
that if it's perfect storm, you are not liable for that.
What are you gonna do?
What the fuck are you supposed to do?
The storm is perfect.
If you can avoid it, it ain't perfect.
A lot of times you see a storm
and you think it's about to knock your boat over
and it looks almost perfect.
You're like, fuck, I hope this gets a bit worse.
Because if not, I'm gonna be in kind of the,
you're gonna fall in between perfect, like imperfect storm.
A pretty good storm.
Yeah, a pretty good storm.
Oh man.
You could also inherit your granddaddy's boat.
That's just another option.
Yeah, yeah, but you gotta be good to your granddad, don't you?
Yeah, that's not worth it.
I just also really wanted to real quick,
there's a sidebar here with trending questions
and one of them says, are yacht and boat owners right
that support Trump or no,
but also they misspelled yacht and they spelled it yatch
and that's the only way I'm referring to that type of boat
from now on and I would encourage our listeners
to do the same, get me a big fucking bright turbo yatch.
Turbo yatch with a big engine,
chock full of fuel, me and my friends out on the water.
Lots of boat gas.
Lots of bruise, lots of extra chunky boat gas
with boat jelly floating around in there.
Just sailing around on our yacht.
Maybe some boat beauties.
Oh, come on, Travis.
Some shrimp, shrimp cocktails.
Yes, I said boat beauties.
Oh, sorry, I forgot that Travis calls shrimp cocktail
boat beauties.
Shrimp cocktail is, I'm glad somebody finally had the guts
to say it, is the wildest dish ever.
Like you imagine that one a lot as a kid.
Shrimp cocktail, someone put it around in a circle
and then fill a glass with ice and said,
I guess it's done.
They put a little cocktail sauce somewhere adjacent
and you get a cocktail.
It's like somebody just delivered a handful of loose shrimp
and they said, where do I put this?
And they said, well, you finished your drink.
Just put it in there.
Travis renaming shrimp cocktail as boat beauties
might be the true legacy of this show
long after it is gone.
Because I'm thinking about it.
I've never seen a shrimp cocktail going around
at some sort of event or even sitting on a table
at an event and not done the finger wiggling,
like, ooh, what are these?
Don't mind, but I might help myself too.
Shrimp cocktail seems like something somebody did
as a joke in the forties.
You know what I mean?
Like, and here's a shrimp cocktail
because it's a bunch of shrimp in a cocktail glass.
Everybody got a good laugh about it.
And then there was one idiot there who's like,
I guess that's how fancy people do it.
Yeah, I'm going to do this forever.
I'm going to do this at everything I go to forever.
It's a British thing.
What is?
Shrimp cocktail.
They call it prawn cocktail over there.
It's probably a fanocratic joint,
which makes actual perfect sense.
The great British meal.
Okay, this was a three-part meal that was a shrimp cocktail
and then steak and chips and a black forest cake.
Ooh, decadent.
That sounds so good right now.
Decadent.
So you start with the boat beauty
and then you're going to get yourself into
what they call the landlubber
and you're going to wash it down with a forest cake.
With a black forest cake.
Couldn't think of a fun name.
Couldn't do it.
Think of a good name for it.
Well, it's already got-
With a fudgy boy.
Sorry, I got a biome in it already.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah.
With a wooden boy.
Don't think a wooden, a nice Pinocchio.
My boyfriend and I went to Publix the other day.
Brag.
I decided, yeah.
Yeah, I decided to bring my tote to save on some plastic
since I didn't have a lot of groceries to buy.
After my boyfriend finished his groceries,
I put my tote bag in the bagging area
to catch your notice and said,
oh, thank you for being so considerate
and bringing your own tote bag,
which was nice.
But then before I could say anything,
he says, I'm just kidding.
I don't know how to react.
So I laughed it off,
but it seemed kind of weird.
Is it some kind of inside joke to bring in personal bags?
What the fuck?
What the fuck happened to you?
This is from Going Green in Georgia.
In Austin, you're not allowed to,
like you have to pay money for the bags at grocery store
if you want groceries there.
So you have to bring it,
you are incentivized to bring your own bags
because environment.
So it seems wild for it to be a goof or a gag.
I'm just kidding.
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine if I was really someone
who cared about the environment?
You don't know me,
but it's extremely funny.
If you do know me,
you would be busting up.
They call me Wasteful Wallace.
It's my whole deal.
Does the tote bag say something kind of goofy on it?
Fuck Publix.
Kroger for life, fuck Publix.
Giant eagle eat Publix's dick,
but in a bad way.
It should be clear.
Maybe it was a Mr. T ate my balls tote bag.
Fuck.
Thanks for bringing that in.
Yeah, can't sleep clowns will eat me.
My honor roll student ate your honor roll student
who was a dragon.
Wait.
Cool, man.
I love that one.
That's badass.
My other tote bag is a Jetta.
Do not meddle in the affairs of dragons
because you are crunchy and tastes good with ketchup.
I saw that one and it sent me to hell for three days.
I saw it in college and I still remember it to this day.
And I lay down on the ground and I went into a tomb
and my father woke me up after three days.
He said, you're back, son.
Everyone follow this guy.
I'm going to get out there and do some good.
Just kidding.
That's wild.
I was kidding.
When did that happen?
I've never brought a cloth bag to the store before.
Oh.
Then you've never lived.
I do keep all the plastic bags in the,
you guys remember the pie safe?
Oh, sure.
I still got the pie safe and I keep it full of plastic bags.
Recently, the back of this came off and I fixed it
because it's made of wood.
I'm capable of doing so.
You conquered that element.
And then I was stuffing the bags back in
and I found one from Kroger and it had an anniversary on it.
It was celebrating this anniversary of Kroger
and the bag was from 2008 and I didn't know,
is that still recycling or is that just me treating my home
like a bag tomb?
I didn't know what to do with them at that point.
Justin, I think if you really stop and think about it
and maybe expand that question out a bit.
That's what I'm trying to do.
And you said, I have some aluminum cans
and what I've done is filled my basement with all of them
and then closed my basement door
and just don't go down there anymore.
Is that recycling?
I think you know the answer to that question.
You could frame it like I made a shitty, uninhabitable basement.
That's what I have repurposed these cans into.
And guess what?
It's art.
Your pie safe full of garbage bags, of grocery bags,
that's gonna be there until the end of time.
That's art now, is what that is.
That is true.
But you should really start using cloth bags
at the grocery store.
It's pretty choice.
And you can recycle those plastic bags.
I don't go to the grocery store.
Okay.
I don't leave my house.
There's a pandemic on, okay?
And I think you need to start finding some things
you could do with those plastic bags.
Maybe make them into clothing for your children.
I put them in the back of my jeans.
I can fit about 30 back there and it's a nice juicy look.
Oh, I see.
But that's only 30.
So I got the ones from,
that basically gets me through like May or June of 2008.
And then there's several,
I mean, there's many, many, many more years to go
and I don't have that much pant room.
Gotta buy bigger pants, it sounds like.
Yeah.
Is that an answer?
That'd be cool.
If you had huge pants, chalk a block full of plastic bags.
I could hear you coming a mile away.
Fucking Jeff Jalili would have a hard time with me.
Sorry, who's that?
It's a guy that attacked me.
Is he Kerrigan?
Oh, I see.
You're patting your leg.
You're protecting yourself.
He would take a cigarette and be like,
not today, Jeff.
Well, that's good because it'll save your ice skating career.
I mean, you're kidding,
but I like to keep my options open.
Okay.
I thought it was just to maybe keep the farts in.
If I saw you walking down the street,
your pants were huge and full of plastic bags,
I'd be like, uh-oh.
And I assume you've taped them at the cuffs
so that the bags don't fall out.
Or I think you're part of the new Borat movie
and that I'm being tricked somehow.
How can I, okay, thank God somebody said it.
How do we keep doing a show in a world
where there's a new Borat movie?
I think you need to burn your soundboard, Justin.
I think you need to ritualistically send it out
on a boat on the river and shoot it with a firing arrow.
Did you make this happen?
Did I kind of bring Borat back?
Interesting, interesting.
Oh, quick, do some Austin Powers shit real fast.
Back to back.
I know, I wish.
I don't have any buttons for that.
You have failed me for the last time.
Don't say that so quickly
because right now we're about to head to the money zone.
I might figure out a way to fail you there.
It's time for stamps.
Look at the clock.
It's stamp o'clock.
What the fuck, my clock actually says stamps on it.
Now look at your watch.
It's time for stamps.
I just bought this watch.
Now look at your oven timer.
It's time for stamps.
Oh, it's downstairs.
Whoa.
Also, while you're down there,
take those biscuits out of the oven.
No, don't eat them.
They're too hot.
Oh, deary.
With stamps.com, you can-
Can we all just shut up?
I'm getting good at this.
Justin, now you give him something to do.
Okay, Griffin, look at the stamps in the-
There's a drawer down below your feet.
No, it's bats.
It's made of eggs.
Griffin, there's a bunch of horses that are bringing the mail.
Oh no, someone shot the horse.
Bang, bang.
Hey, oh, Griffin, look at that.
It's Richard M. Nixon, and he's about to tell us more about stamps.com.
And his mouth's full of peanut butter.
Oh, I didn't do any tricks on him this time.
I didn't do any crimes this time.
I did them last time, but not anymore.
Boy, I sure am sweaty.
Anyone got a big glass of water for me?
With stamps.com-
Can I please read this fucking ad?
Yeah, I was about to do it for you,
because I thought you were incapable.
I didn't think you had the fortitude.
No, I'm not afraid anymore, Justin.
With stamps.com-
Hey, go for it then.
God damn it.
With stamps.com, you can print postage on demand
and avoid going to the post office.
Stamps.com also offers UPS services with discounts up to 62%
and no residential surcharges.
Simply use your computer to print official US postage 24-7
for any letter, any package, any class of mail,
anywhere you want to send.
Once your mail is ready,
just leave it for your mail carrier,
schedule a pickup or drop it in a mailbox.
It's that simple.
And with stamps.com, you get great discounts too.
Five cents off every stamp
and up to 62% off USPS and UPS shipping rates.
Right now, our listeners get a special offer
that includes four-week trial plus free postage
and a digital scale without any long-term commitment.
Just go to stamps.com,
click on the microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in my brother.
That's stamps.com and use the code, my brother.
All one word.
Do you guys remember when old Tricky Dick Nixon
got kind of sweaty during a debate
and then it was in every American history textbook
I ever read in high school?
That's a pretty fucking wild standard.
That's a pretty fucking wild bar, yes.
Anyway, Squarespace is a,
if you want to hear more of my sort of cutting political humor,
you can go to the website I created on Squarespace.
It's called the Washington Post.
Whoa!
And yeah, so the Squarespace is sponsoring us this week
and they help you make a website that looks beautiful
and you can showcase your work
or sell products or services of all kinds,
promote your physical or your online business
and so, so much more.
And you're gonna do that so easy, fun, stylish,
with beautiful customizable templates
created by world-class designers.
Everything's optimized for mobile right out of the box
and they have analytics that help you grow in real time
and there's nothing to patch ever, ever in your life.
So go to squarespace.com slash mybrother for a free trial
and when you're ready to launch,
use the offer code mybrother to save 10% off
your first purchase of a website or a domain.
Oh, Griffin just launched into the air.
Bwaah, bwaah!
I am not a crow!
Oh, oh, Nixon's dead.
I think he is actually.
I think he asked away a while ago.
I mean, yeah, no, he definitely did.
Still miss him though.
I'm gonna make a website about how much I miss Richard Nixon
but I don't know how to make a website.
Does that make me a coward?
I don't think so.
It just makes me somebody who needs a little help
and that help is gonna come from Squarespace.
Hey Justin, are you doing the Squarespace ad again?
Listen, we just did.
We literally just did it.
Hey J-Man, are you cool?
What about stance.com?
Yeah, we did it.
All right, I'll do stance.com.
We did stance too.
Partner.
Macho Man to the top rope.
The flying elbow.
The cover.
We've got a new champion.
We're here with Macho Man Randy Savage
after his big win to become the new world champion.
What are you gonna do now, Mach?
I'm gonna go listen to the newest episode
of the Titans and Fights podcast.
Oh yeah.
Tell us more about this podcast.
It's the podcast of power.
Too sweet to be sour.
Funky like a monkey.
Woke discussions, man.
And jokes about wrestlers fashion choices.
Myself excluded, yeah.
I can't wait to listen.
Neither can I.
You can find it Saturdays on Maximum Fun.
Oh yeah, dig it.
688 people wanted to use the teeth.
Wow.
So we have in Gmail, if you look at the tag we created
called they will use the teeth.
It says one out of a hundred of many.
It won't even tell me exactly how many emails
fit this thing that they could use the teeth.
Have we gotten any since we started recording?
Just so I know like how fast.
Most recent was at 1150 this morning.
It is 325 as we were recording it.
It's been four hours.
Okay, I mean you're just gonna give us the highlight.
We can't read possibly 600 entries into this.
Okay, okay, tough guy.
But think of what you're saying.
If you want me to give you the highlights,
that would require me reading 688 entries.
And we can't do that.
We've all agreed that that's impossible, right?
How many of you read, Justin?
Yeah, so here's one.
I'm just gonna start.
I wanna do kind of like lightning round.
Okay.
So if you want to at any point veto,
I'll just go to the next person.
Okay.
At any point, I'm giving you guys the ability
to like bail on it.
Sounds good.
From Laura.
When I heard about the teeth,
I came up with a fun and creepy design
for a tooth fairy costume.
I would cast the teeth
so I'd be able to make duplicates if needed.
For the real teeth,
I would make a halo crown style headband
and attach them at the end of spikes.
I'm out.
That's pretty fucked up.
I mean, it's very fucked up.
But I have a feeling all of these will be.
Um, so I'll use the teeth for a wooden back scratcher
where the teeth.
I'm out.
Next, next, next, next.
Nope.
I will use the teeth.
I love this one.
I will use the teeth.
I read this one.
I have started making my own container candles,
usually in recycled jars and through store coffee mugs.
When making candles as gifts,
I've added costume jewelry during the process
so my friends and family can have a fun surprise
when all the wax is melted away.
Yes.
I would use the teeth to add to a candle.
Or maybe I would add each tooth to a different candle.
It may not be a fun surprise when all the wax melts away,
but it would definitely be some kind of surprise.
It'd be fun for me, fun for me to know now
that somebody is going to be melting a candle
trying to relax or maybe creating a sexual environment.
And then, hey, why is there?
Hey, um, Debra, why is there a fucking tooth just like out?
On, who did that come from?
I'm going to say no to this
because I think the wax would compromise the teeth.
I think that's right.
Interesting, interesting.
Tyler works at a company
that does like larping and stuff in summer camps.
Uh-huh.
And Tyler makes the swords out of like paper mache swords.
And he said, I would load nothing more in the paper mache,
these chompers, perhaps into a snake's head or a skull
on the hill of a pommel or a sword.
Okay, hey Tyler, my dude, this is great.
If I saw a snake's head with some human molars crafted in them,
I think that might be the goofiest shit in the world.
It calls apart here.
Tyler says, once complete,
I will send this sword to you, Justin McElroy.
You fucked up, Tyler.
We made it very clear we don't want the teeth.
I never want to encounter the teeth.
But everyone should picture snakes with molars instead of fangs.
I am reading one here from Zoe who says,
I'm an art student and would love to use the teeth in a piece.
I promise I'll make it nice.
I listen to y'all so much while I paint
and I would love to add even more of your essence to my practice.
There's no specifics here, which is my first big red flag.
The other one is that,
and we should have maybe made this clear the first time,
and I thought it was, we're not giving our own teeth away.
Like, I'm still wicked using mine a lot.
I'm wild about it.
Love these babies.
And you know, I will also say,
and this is kind of like a little bit of like job training,
like a job interview training,
a word to avoid when you're trying to get something
from someone you like is essence.
I will use your essence.
Makes me think of like in Hocus Pocus
when the witches are stealing the children's youth.
Matty said, I would like to put the wisdom teeth in a dice mold
and make T&D dice out of them for wisdom saving rolls.
Oh, that's good.
That's very good.
It's good, but not everybody's going to enjoy that.
Well, not everyone likes art.
No, but I mean, but you could go see the art if you want to.
You know what I mean?
It'll be on display.
It belongs in a museum.
I guess is what I'm saying.
The teeth belong in a museum.
Jillian wants to make tooth earrings.
That's okay.
See, I'm also kind of avoiding people.
We heard from a lot of people who collect teeth
and have a lot of teeth.
You have enough teeth already.
You have enough teeth.
Don't be greedy.
I'm seeing a lot of people saying,
I have a bird house that I have that I've been looking to spice.
Here's somebody who says they have a lamp
that they've been looking to spice up for a while.
I feel like a lot of people are just looking at shit
and saying, you know what would make this spicy is teeth.
I want something a little bit more purposeful than that.
Little more thought through.
My plan for the teeth would most likely involve
teeth emerging from the eye socket of a crawling human.
Next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next.
I don't think so.
I don't think we can do this.
Well, hold on.
What standard are we holding this art to?
Does it have to be objectively not creepy tooth art?
Because we may not find that.
Okay, I have one here from Felix.
I am a self-employed jeweler and craftsman
who specializes in weird and interesting material.
I've previously made a wooden ring with a wallaby tooth inset
that I found on a bushwalk.
And I have a good range of brooches, pendants,
knife handles, and rings made of bone.
While I have, as above mentioned,
practiced some post-mortem wallaby dentistry,
I would absolutely love to be able to make some jewelry
with real human teeth.
Who can say what I would make?
Okay, Felix, who can say what I would make?
You can.
Yeah, you can right there.
That was your moment to do that.
Oh, now Felix does suggest perhaps
a matching pair of wedding rings.
You can suggest anything.
There's one here from Greta who says that
they made three of their own wisdom teeth into rings,
but the fourth one cracked in half, so they couldn't do it.
So it would be, can we just send one Greta's way
so they can like complete the set?
Oh, that is a good question.
Are we doing, is this an all or nothing?
I think it's gotta be an all or nothing.
Yeah, I'm not arranging, I'm not paying for shipping
to several different people.
Marla said, I hope I'm not too late in responding.
I would like to use the teeth in the Christmas diorama.
And there's an attached concept photo here.
Send that, drop that for me in our Slack, please,
so I can look at that, please, now.
All right, let me just pass this along to you guys.
I would love to see this.
Gonna pass this along and I'll let, I mean,
either one of you guys can describe what you're seeing here.
I'll just pass this along real quick.
Oh, huh, well, I like that it's non-secular,
or secular, it's secular.
Non-religious.
Non-religious, thank you.
That would be the way I'd put it.
Well, one of the teeth is an angel, though.
Does that count?
We're trending towards religion with that one.
Yeah, I mean, it's just a winter wonderland scene
with a reindeer and Santa Claus,
and it does look like most of these things
were maybe store-bought and placed inside of a panorama,
or a diorama, and then they have little clay teeth
on everything, I don't know.
I was imagining that.
I see the problem I have with this, with, I love it, Marla,
I love your work.
The teeth in the model are much bigger
than the teeth would be.
And that makes me feel like you don't actually appreciate
your materials that you're working with.
That's a good point, Justin.
Like, that worries me.
I don't want you to get the teeth and be like,
these are so fucking small.
I can't do anything with them.
Now, here's an interesting one.
I will use the teeth.
I am a knitwear designer who spins my own yarn.
Where could this be going, you're wondering.
I would make the teeth into some stitch markers
for my knitting work by wire wrapping them
and attaching them to some bulb safety pins
so I can use them to mark where I'm knitting.
How do we feel about someone using them to create art
but not using them in the art itself?
It seems like a cheat.
Hey fam, you sure have sent in some pretty
accursed JPEGs our way.
And I do thank you for that.
I am just sort of scrobbling here through the old tag
and there's a lot of upsetting imagery.
A lot of upsetting imagery.
Again, though, what did we expect?
Hmm, I would use them to make brass knuckles.
Okay.
Right, punch and bite with one swing, hold on.
Wait a minute.
Frankly, I would never have to use them
because people would back the fuck up just seeing them.
Whoa, okay.
Whoa, this is, okay, hold on.
We're talking at this point about sort of like
nuclear deterrence of just like,
this thing looks incredibly violent, the punch biter.
But it could also add rhinestones
to the sides of the brass knuckles, but that's optional.
The real stars here are the teeth.
Don't do it.
I'm saying if you pull out brass knuckles with teeth on them,
the fight will be stopped
because nobody will wanna mess with you.
So this may be an incredible peacekeeping tool.
That's up there for me.
Okay, okay.
I would like to use the teeth for a mouth mug.
I am planning on sculpting a mug
to look like a realistic mouth.
And the teeth would be a great addition
to make it look realistic.
Now I'm assuming that what we're picturing here
is the top of the mug is a mouth,
not that the mouth is on the side,
but rather you would be drinking out of the mouth.
Okay, hold on.
You're talking about a mouth cup.
How many wisdom, it's all wisdom teeth.
I'm now trying to imagine a mouth
made up entirely of wisdom teeth.
And it's only four.
Bookmark that one.
Bookmark that one.
That one sounds good.
I really like tooth mug.
Molly, this is the entirety of Molly's email.
Okay, so you're familiar with Georgia O'Keeffe, right?
Huh?
That's the whole thing.
I mean, if they had ended that email with,
let me hit you with this, Georgia O'Keeffe,
then we could have been somewhere.
Allison says, I will dissolve the teeth
in a jar of Coca-Cola on a time-lapse video
as a commentary on the bourgeoisie.
Okay, that's bold.
I like how the teeth art don't exist anymore afterwards.
Some of these emails, like, whoa, this one's really a lot.
Hold on a second.
Hold on.
Guys, look at this one.
I think this is what I want to use the teeth for.
Whoa.
There's so much great art in the world
and it makes you kind of weep.
I feel like, you know in American Beauty
when Wes Craven sees the plastic bag flitting around?
I feel like that right now.
That bag's pretty cool though, huh?
It fell out of his mother's pie safe.
Oh boy.
Whoa, hey.
Oh yeah.
The problem, Justin, is that this is impossible
to describe on our podcast.
But oh yeah, I'm with you.
This is art.
That's art right there.
If I saw that in a building, I would say,
where did you get this art from?
It's two sort of pseudo busts
made out of what looks like reclaimed materials,
like rocks and wire mesh with like,
I don't know, man, fishing tackle and wire.
Yeah, here's what I love.
These sculptures that we're looking at
are definitely in a museum.
Yeah, yeah.
And they're definitely art.
Now, can we be sure that this is not a person
who just took a picture of some shit in a museum?
Because I do not want you to just run up
to some shit in a museum and slap illegal teeth on them.
Yes, because I'm looking at Taylor Baldwin's website
and there's a lot of art on here.
I love that.
Somebody who makes so much art.
It's good too.
I love this art and I'm crazy about it.
If y'all go to taylorbaldwinstudio.com,
you can see more of Taylor's work.
I think this is somebody who's talented,
deserves our patronage and would use the teeth.
They will use the teeth.
They will use the teeth.
I'm looking at this right now, they've used everything.
Yeah, they will use the teeth.
I'm for it, I'm here for it.
Okay, now I don't know if we have heard back
from the person who has the teeth.
That is one thing.
Oh, so the question is, will we use the teeth?
Will we get the teeth?
Will we pass along the teeth?
Okay, but now we're in danger of other people saying like,
oh, well, I feel bad for them.
I'll send them some teeth.
No, we said one time deal.
We are black market traders of chompers.
One time.
So maybe Taylor should set up a PO box
where people can just send some teeth if they run into it.
Oh, I don't know.
I think that that will have to be up to Taylor.
No pressure, Taylor.
No pressure, Taylor.
However many teeth you got in there, just-
Here's what we do, Justin.
We get a PO box.
We prepay it for a year
and then people could send as many teeth to it as they want.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, hear me out.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
And then we stop paying for it.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Nopey, nopey, nopey, nopey, nopey, nopey.
I actually liked the second half of that pretty good.
We're gonna make this happen.
The ideal outcome to me is that this work ends up in a museum
and then there's a little plaque there that's like,
spooky boys, and then it'll say like,
clay, reclaimed stone, four real teeth from podcast jokes.
Yeah.
That would be pretty badass to me.
Yeah.
I think that would really save 2020.
We'd have to really ask Taylor to like make the art so good though
that it ends up in like Louvre or other big art museums.
Met, Met's one.
Met, oh, the Met.
Or the Natural History Museum that's right by,
you know, the Central Park, that's one.
Sure.
And okay.
Teeth are natural history if you think about it.
Stratford Cash in St. Paul has gotten back to us.
I do have the Venmo.
I'm sending the cash now.
Okay, so you're buying teeth.
Taylor, I need to hear from you to get a mailing address
so we can facilitate this.
Nice.
Did I buy them for a hundred dollars?
Is that what I did?
Jeez.
Yeah?
Sounds right.
Sounds like me.
Sounds like something I'd do.
Oh boy.
All right, I'm paying out right now.
Stratford Cash.
I'm gonna make this particular transaction up.
From the Lord.
Lord.
Don't need to make this public.
Can I ask what emoji, what you put in the details field?
Teeth.
Teeth.
You just wrote the word teeth.
You didn't even put a teeth emoji.
For those teeth.
Nice.
Oh, and there's a little, they make, they got a little,
they got a little brushing emoji.
That's so cute.
That's good.
Because if anybody does hack your shit and see that,
they'll think you've just gone to some sort of like
independent underground dentist for criminals.
Yeah.
For the teeth, which I hope you still have.
Address forthcoming.
Lylas.
Justin.
Okay, this money has been sent.
The gears are turning, Taylor Baldwin.
It all depends on you for you to use the teeth.
And nobody else send us submissions.
Nobody else, please.
Please.
We can't help you.
Hey, thank you all for listening.
Thank you for the teeth.
Thank you for the art.
Thank you.
Thank you for the music.
Thank you for the love, the spirit.
And thanks to John Roderick and the Long Winters for these
sort of theme song.
It's a departure off the album, putting the days to bed.
And also thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
You should go check out that website and go check out some
of the hyperlinks they have on there.
It's crazy stuff, man.
You'll never believe it.
This stuff is real top notch.
We want to tell you, so New York Comic Con is this weekend.
It's all virtual.
There's a free adventure.
Ooh, can you believe it?
Spooky Bits and Bytes.
There's an Adventure Zone graphic novel first looks panel
Thursday the 8th.
It's free.
There's also a free podcast Q&A panel Sunday the 11th.
And we are doing a ticketed D&D workshop Sunday the 11th.
You can get all the info and ticket links at bit.ly
slash McElroy's NYCC 2020.
And the M, the E, and the NYCC are all capitalized.
Also, we put up some new merch over in our merch store.
We got the tiger on the table pin of the month designed by
Sam Schultz, which benefits the Marsha P. Johnson Institute,
which defends and protects the human rights of black
transgender and gender nonconforming people, as well as
the Sylvia Rivera Law Project, which works to guarantee that
all people are free to determine their gender identity
and expression.
We've also got some Candle Nights ornaments by Lynn Doyle
and Candle Nights wrapping paper by Justin Gray.
We got a new jump scare pin up there that's super cute.
And you can see all that at McElroyMerch.com. Let's see.
What else?
There may be nothing else.
Oh, we wrote a book.
That's okay.
We wrote a podcast book.
We wrote a podcast book, How to Podcast.
It's called Everybody Has a Podcast Except You,
and it's available for pre-order now.
You can pre-order the hard copy, the ebook, or the audio book
at McElroyPodcastBook.com.
It's all there. It's going to come out in January.
What are you waiting for? Go get it.
It's going to teach you everything you need to know
to make a podcast you're proud of.
And it's funny.
Just go check it out. McElroyPodcastBook.com.
Y'all want the final?
Oh, yeah.
Yes, the final. Yahoo.
Sent in by Michelle. Thank you, Michelle.
It's by Yahoo Answers User.
They're anonymous.
So I'm going to call them Tom.
Nice.
And asks, is Joseph Gordon-Levitt my mailman?
Huh?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
Anything's possible, baby.
He's Griffin McElroy.
It's been my brother and me.
Kiss your dad.
School.
Maximum fun dot org.
Comedy and culture.
Artist owned.
Audience supported.
