The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me, an advice show for the modern era.
I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy.
I'm that sweet baby brother that you crave, Griffin McElroy.
How's your guys' weekends? Do you have good weekends out there?
I have been, I am taking 12 hours of birthing classes this weekend from 10 to 4 every day
for the two days, and boys, that is a gushy situation. Gushy from Quantum Leap rolls up,
and he's like, because he delivers every baby. That's the weird part.
Wow. He must be busy. He's like Santa Claus.
I'm just, I'm learning so much.
About the miracle, Griffin? About the miracle?
I mean, it is a miracle, right? The bodies do so much wonderful stuff to get it all going,
but I was, I guess, ill-prepared for the amount of stuff I didn't know, and it made me think,
I'm realizing now as I'm approaching 30 that I didn't pay very good attention in school,
and I get these little realizations every day, and this was the first one where it was like,
man, I didn't even pay attention in health class, because there's stuff I did not know,
just sort of about how, like, where I originated from and grew and grew and blasted out of.
There was one video birth, and I think there's another one coming today.
They don't warn you. They just start it.
They just, they hit play. It's like a jump scare. It's like a Five Nights at Freddy's situation.
Do they at least put, like, a fun soundtrack, like Yackety Sax or something to it? Something
where it's like, hey, we know how, you know, intense this can be. We're gonna soften it just
a little bit. They play his much less popular Yuckety Sax. Yucky. Yuckety sucks. You know what?
I think rather than Yackety Sax, I think, like, Careless Whisper would be better. I think I'd
rather, like, have just some smooth, like, baritone sax playing along with it to make it seem like,
yeah, this is a smooth, non-intense, non-terrifying moment.
Did you make it born to be wild and then perhaps
some sunglasses over the baby as they come out?
And the baby comes out giving the okay sign saying, it's cool, dad. Don't even worry.
That would be tricky because it would require you to find the face
on whatever it is that comes out of there first.
Before they mold it into a baby.
What they don't tell you is you don't, you can't love what comes out initially until about 15
minutes before you can love it. People say the moment that baby was born, my entire life changed.
And that's true because you immediately feel like you're in a life or death situation,
face hugger coming at you, and you're looking around the room for, like, stray torches
or something like that, pepper spray, something to defend yourself from this creature.
There was this awesome couple that was sitting next to us in the class yesterday
who the instructor was talking about how they go, like, birth to, like,
straight to skin to skin, like, they get it on mama's chest, like, immediately.
And there was one woman who was like, I don't want that.
Wipe that thing down. I do not want all of that goo on me. No, thanks.
Wipe it down. Thank you.
The video we watched, real quick, this is a true thing.
Like, what we focused on a lot yesterday was, like, different positions you can get into,
like, relieve pain, but there were also different birthing positions.
This I did not know. I thought we had figured out sort of the best way to do this,
and it was, like, on the back, legs up, blast off.
No, because the video we watched, the birth was an all fours situation,
and it must have been effective because that baby just like, just like, just like blasted out of
there like it was a t-shirt cannon. It was the craziest shit I've ever, ever, ever seen.
I'm not squeamish, and I'm not, like, childish about birth. I do think it's beautiful.
This was a new sort of thing for me because it was just like,
clip-a-plio. Griffin, you can read about all the different birthing positions in the Mamasutra.
I can't with that. I fucking can't. It's 9 a.m.
Because it's like commas, but it's like the mama because it's like a mother.
I don't think I can't. No, you don't think we can't because it's actually a perversion of,
of, like, a nice thing. They, I actually... I mean, Kama Sutra can be a nice thing.
Yeah, it can be very nice if done properly.
Yeah, we actually are supposed to give it, like, give that baby to earth just, like,
squatting. I say wait. People capable of having babies biologically are supposed to just squat
and let that baby just, like, pop right out. They didn't invent laying on your back until, like,
the 1300s or something like that. I guess moms, I guess moms just, just got lazy.
Moms know what I'm saying. No, from what I understand,
it's actually, like, they did the laying on the back to make it easier for doctors to get in there
so they didn't have to, like, squat. The doctor was like, I'd rather just sit on a stool. Could
you lay down, please? Yeah, what's the doctor do if mama's squatting? Does the doctor just
lay down on the floor? No, this is silly. No, he's got a giant, like, giant catcher's mitt.
Or, like, a net situation. We covered this at Max Funcon in Sydney's birthing class,
and Griffin, I'm assuming you just didn't really key in there. You're kind of assuming that
other people would halo for you, huh? I took a nap. I missed that class on Forch. Fair enough.
Let's get into the shit, huh? I mean, I'm already definitely in the shit, and literally,
as soon as we wrap this, I'm gonna hop in the shower and then go back for six more hours of
pu-pu-plow. Have they covered the fact that, um, most, most, um, poop? Oh, yeah. Okay, good,
good, good, good. But I'm not gonna make a big deal out of it. Well, actually, Justin, like,
all women poop, but just some of them do it during childbirth. Okay, here's our first question.
This is, this is... Actually, sorry, there was a guy, there was a guy who asked about that. He's
like, at what point do I need to be afraid of getting shat on, he said, and his choice is,
well, I found it very distasteful, and his wife was very embarrassed, and the woman leaving the
house is like, 99.9 women, percent of women, like, do it, and I saw in his face a brief
moment of relief, like, all right, baby, something to, something to aspire to. Be that one in a
thousand. When you introduce yourself to someone and they call you the wrong name or decide that
they get to shorten it, like shorten Jeffrey to Jeff, exactly how many times can you correct them
without being a big old jerk? Like, at what point does Mel or Melody just become my name?
Wait. We should make it clear, her name is Melanie. Oh, okay, I was gonna say, well, Melody,
if your name's Melody, that, the die is cast. My name is Jeff, my name is Jeff. Hi, Melody.
No, no, it's wrong. That's from just call me whatever. I would like to give a pretty
laissez-faire attitude towards it, if that's your name. I would like to pose, like, a very
non-McRoy answer. Okay. The first time it happens, look them square in the eye, and not in a jerky
way, but just in a very clear, like, just say, no, actually, it's Melanie. Period. The end.
That's such a hard one, especially over the phone, where the phone, there's like six letters,
the phone, whoever invented it, I guess Alexander Graham Bell, they were like, his assistant was
like, hey, Alex, do we need this thing to, like, recognize n's and m's and d's and t's?
And Alex was like, no, no, no, people will figure it out. Anyways, it's 420, I gotta go. Anyway,
I gotta blaze it. That was the first recording. 420, time to blaze. At the tone, it's time to
blaze it. I'm sorry, I just, there's just not a world in which I would ever correct someone for
this. There's just not a, cause like, think about the payoff for this, right? You let the person
call whatever you want, cause in the end, it doesn't really matter that much, like, you know
what they're doing, like, you know who they want, you know they wanna get hold of you, so let them
do whatever they're gonna do. Names are for other people to get a hold of you, so like, if they
use the wrong name, like, whatever, it doesn't matter. As long as it doesn't create confusion,
fine. And then they'll do it for long enough that eventually, they're gonna do it in front of
someone that knows you better than they do, and it will be the fucking greatest payoff. Like,
really? I feel so different, Jamie. No, that's good shit, Travis. No, no, no, you're fucking,
like, you'll turn around and they'll look at you and it'll be like the fucking end of
the usual suspects. This whole time? This whole time? But I've had that happen to me.
The person found out they were using the wrong name, and the look they gave me was like I'd been
grifting them the whole time to set them up for this moment. Yeah, no shit. It's called, like,
a kindness grift, because you are such, like, a good and generous person that cared so much about
upsetting them that you let them call you whatever you want, cause it doesn't really matter that much
anyway, and then they're going to feel bad about it forever. You know, like, you show up at work the
next day, oh, what's this on my desk? Is this a fresh baked pie with the crisscross thing on the
top? Delicious. I'm so glad I let you call me the wrong thing for so long. But the other side of
that is like, hey, has anybody seen Jerry? Oh, he quit. What? Yeah, he felt so bad for calling you
Trevor for the last six months. He just couldn't show his face anymore. He moved to another
country. He's a monk now. It's crazy. But what if the inverse happens and they let it go until you
quit, and then, like, as you're leaving the person finds out, like, your name was what the whole time?
Or they don't even make a big deal out of it. They go up to you and they're like, see you later. Have
happy trails, Nathan. And it's like, wait, this whole time you actually knew?
So many different griffs you can pull on the name thing. Justin, I would argue that you have,
it sounds like you have a fairly laissez-faire attitude towards name truncation and wrongness,
because your name is impossible to either get wrong or shorten. Except for, except for Dustin.
But guess what? Nobody's named Dustin. That's a prank. That's actually incorrect, because I get
Jason free. I had a theater professor that called me Jason exclusively for basically all four years
of college. Not exclusively, but a considerable amount. It doesn't bother me. My great-grandmother
called me Jason some. It's just like, I don't care. I don't care. That name is missing so many sort of
word experiences that Justin has in it. It's missing, it's missing so many fun notes.
The key to happiness from what I have gathered, a big part of it is being able to let go of ego.
And like to me, being worried about what people are calling you is like the personification of ego.
Like it just, it does not matter.
Well, for some of us-
It just doesn't matter.
What?
Well, for some of us, ego has been what we've shaped our entire life around, Justin.
Well, it's a, trust me, that's a rickety bridge, man. You got to maybe check the supports on that one,
on that whole worldview. You can be a rickety bridge.
Travis also seems impossible to get, Travis seems impossible to get wrong too.
I've been called Trevor, Tarvis.
I've been called Tarvis, Targus, Targus.
The worst is when people try to make it like Travy, fuck it.
The worst is when people try to make it like Travy, fucking hate that.
Oh, that won't do.
It's just like an infantilization of my name. I'm a 32 year old man.
When I call restaurants and I place orders,
do you guys want to guess what name they put down for me when they don't get it right?
And this is not a goof.
The name, I would say maybe 50, 50, 50% people hear Griffin and they say,
oh, I've heard that name before, the other half.
Anybody want to guess?
Jeffin.
No, Kristen, Kristen.
Kristen?
Hello, yes, this is Kristen.
Egg rolls, please. A hundred of them.
Kristen has an egg roll size hole in her belly, please.
Oh, this is a good little segue.
This Yahoo was sent by Eric Woods. Thank you, Eric.
It's Yahoo Answers user. Sorry, something's gone wrong.
Do a quick refresh of the page, see if we can't get the data to load.
And no, unfortunately it's still wrong.
It's from Kristen.
My alter ego asks, can you legally have a number in your name?
For example, if you are the fourth Peter in your family,
can you legally be called Peter four?
Now, not Peter the fourth, Peter four.
Peter four.
Petty four.
Can you legally have a number in your name?
It depends.
Are you talking about, like, the number is pronounced?
Like, could you put an eight in there and just have that,
like, you know, pronounced as part of the pronunciation?
Oh, like if your name was-
Kate, and it was just like K-8.
Damn.
Damn, like, kind of give you, namely, a license play vibe.
I'm saying you could do, like, Caitlin and just like K-8-L-Y-N.
Okay, but seriously now, can you put a number in your name?
Can you do that, though, for real, though?
Because they're characters.
They're on a keyboard.
Yeah.
The government.
I mean, the government on this one.
Do you think that they're so-
Okay, picture this.
Honey, she's beautiful.
I think we're gonna go with Kristen Four.
No, shut it down.
What?
How'd you get in here?
I'm with the government.
You can't put a number in that baby's name.
It's Kristen the Fourth.
Now get out of the hospital.
We need it for somebody else.
One of the nurses in the birthing class yesterday
said they had a baby named Absid, which was literally A-B-C-D.
Slam dunk.
Crushed it.
I like that.
That's really good.
What about Peter?
It is important.
When we were trying to come up with baby names,
we had the thought of what's a name that you could pick
that you couldn't turn into anything else
and that no one's used before.
Absid's pretty good.
Absid's pretty good, yeah.
Peter, I like this.
I like the idea of if you have a Peter
and you could do a shitty video game branding convention
where there's a game series called Thief,
the third Thief game.
It was T-H-I-3-F.
Oh, god.
I forgot that.
Thief, I think you just throw a three.
If you're the third Peter, you can be Pthreeter.
I'm Pthreeter.
That's a tight ass name, too.
I like that.
Yeah, Pthreeter.
But we know that they're the fourth.
You gotta get a four in there somewhere.
You're right.
Pthorder.
Pthorder.
It's pronounced Peter, but it says Pthorder.
I know.
I know what it says.
It's my fucking name.
You think I don't know what it says?
My dad Pthreeter named me.
But we have a thing.
The parallel that they draw is a weird example
because we have a thing for that.
We have a way to put numbers if you're the third or fourth
Peter in your family.
We have one of those.
Does it have to be a direct line of succession
in order to justify that, though?
Can you just be like, this is the fourth time
we couldn't come up with anything better than Peter,
so here it is presenting Peter.
Justin, this is the classic James Bond,
James Bond Jr. conundrum.
Because James Bond Jr. was not James Bond's son.
Wait, what?
But rather his nephew.
No.
Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
No, I'm saying you're not wrong.
I'm saying no to just the whole thing.
I think even like Blofeld was like,
wait, that's not how that fucking works.
You can't do that.
How did they justify that in the canon of James Bond Jr.?
His parents were real lazy.
Also, James Bond doesn't have a brother.
Wait, hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on, James Bond Jr. series.
James Bond doesn't have a brother or sister.
Lot of holes.
They had to have like dealt with that, right?
Right?
Hold on.
Hold on.
Why don't I know the answer to that?
I watched every episode.
Maybe it was just a young James Bond.
No, he was related.
Damn it.
Did James Bond ever roll up on the cartoon show James Bond Jr.?
And he was like, make sure you shoot them right in the brain.
Anyway, time to go fuck.
It's like, whoa, damn.
Have some gin.
But I'm 12.
I can't.
I can't have gin.
I don't care.
Drink it.
No, okay, I don't have any idea.
Like it is not covered and also no one.
Okay.
The son of David Bond.
Hello, I'm Dave Bond.
Hey, I'm Dave Bond.
What are you naming your son?
David Jr.?
Well, James, actually, it's funny.
You should ask.
I got this is gonna come off a little weird, but his name is James Bond Jr.
What are you talking about?
Crikey.
This is my new British accent.
Yeah.
Well, I just thought, you want him?
What?
It's funny that we're talking about this because I've actually
wanted to talk to you boys about this.
I think I'm gonna name my son Justin Travis McElroy Jr.
So is that, are we good?
Are we good?
Am I good?
Honestly, can I just tweet that out real quick?
Because I'm like so honored by it.
Uh, maybe sit on the tweet.
We're waiting for the social, our social media manager, Bryson, to work up a package.
Can I read just one sentence from the James Bond Jr. Wikipedia page?
Oh, Travis, that's the rest of the episode.
Alternatively, it has been proposed that Fleming's James Bond had a brother
also named James Bond, who is the father of James Bond Jr.
Alternately, it was proposed by an idiot, a popular, well-known idiot with a platform.
What the fuck?
These are my son, James.
What?
And his friend's IQ, the grandson of Q, not how that naming convention works either.
And his friend Gordo Lighter, the son of Felix Lighter.
This show is whack.
I'm James, this is my dad, David Bond, and my best friend Gordo.
I'm the creator of this show has never seen James Bond movies before in action.
He chases scum around the world.
That's the only thing I remember about James Bond Jr. character.
How about another question?
Yeah, here it comes.
And Goldfinger has a teenage daughter named Goldy Finger.
What the fuck?
That's gross.
That's like not great.
Oh no.
That's really not actually excellent.
Enjoy high school, Goldy Finger.
Oh no.
No.
So you're really naming, I'm really naming her that.
But you understand that, yes, I've looked through all of it.
I know exactly what it means, yes.
I know what I'm doing.
Goldfinger, do you not remember what high school was like?
Yes, it was awesome.
It was awesome.
No, I remember exactly.
I wanted to grow up strong.
Also, Goldfinger was his fucking last name.
Yeah.
His name was Arik Goldfinger.
You can't name your daughter Goldy Finger.
They're really playing fast and loose in the James Bond Jr. writers room.
So stupid, okay.
So stupid.
All right, here's a question.
God, I'm too mad.
Oh boy.
When I use the stall at work, some office prankster likes to come in and use an app
on their phone to create fart noises.
Pretty good.
Then when they have finished, they leave, turning out the light.
How do I get them to stop this?
Please help me bring peace and quiet back to the bathroom.
That's from Disturbing Detroit.
And fucking obviously this is camouflage.
They're obviously socially uncomfortable with the idea that someone is listening to them
do the damn thing and they have created, they have probably not created.
They probably just downloaded this app to help them.
No, they develop their own fart piano.
They still can valid up a new program to fart when they fart.
There's a lot of sensors.
Are you making any kind of, maybe they're turning off the light.
They don't even know you're there.
No, they always, they do it every time.
Then they're Jamie fucking Kennedy.
Meaning they're Jamie Kennedy Jr.
I just like, can we just do this question and never deal with it again?
And then like, maybe this will be our first viral thing where it gets picked up.
And our message can just be like, in the bathroom, keep it cool in the toilet area.
Yeah, just like get in.
How many questions do we get?
Like people try to talk to me.
People just get in, do the damn thing and get the fuck out.
This is the crazy, this is the most, it's a place where you make yourself vulnerable
and then you do the dirtiest thing you do.
Can we not do a tight five in there?
And also literally everyone fucking does it.
So this idea of like, I'm uncomfortable in the bathroom.
Like this jokester who's in there pranking you and turning off the lights.
They're also doing stuff in the bathroom.
Why can't we all have a little bit of human compassion for one another
and recognize that the thing we're doing is in many ways the worst.
See, human compassion does not fit.
Okay, to me, the bathroom is the break room from being a human being.
I have seen people I've known my entire life in the bathroom
and we have let it pass without any hint of acknowledgement.
I've been in like at an event where I've ended up in the bathroom
at the same time as a famous person.
They are not, to me, it's not like I'm polite and I just, no, they're not.
They're not a person right then.
None of us are people.
We're taking a break from society right now.
We're like, we don't have to interact.
We don't have to do anything.
It's a sacred time of not fucking talking or looking at each other, period, the end.
I took a piss next to Paul Simon once.
He may as well have been a stack of shoe boxes.
I don't give a fuck.
Mine's Lou Diamond Phillips.
And he might as well have been a picture of Lou Diamond Phillips
just on the urinal next to me.
Now, can we take a moment and figure out why that picture was hung up?
Enjoy this LDP while you do your LDP.
Low down dirty poop.
God.
Yeah, just we are all just primitive boxes in there.
We are all just, we are just husks doing our caveman stuff.
Please don't, the ladder of awful things you can do is like,
it starts with innocuous stuff like don't hand out mints in there.
I'm sorry that somebody either hired you or invited you to do this,
but it is a trespass upon me and my safe space.
Oh, I have a money making scheme for that.
Just encourage me.
Stand outside the bathroom door and everybody who walks in
tell them if you don't give me a dollar,
I'm gonna come in there and hand out mints.
I'm gonna go in there with you.
Could we, oh man, guys, oh man, guys.
What?
Here's a money making idea.
You walk into the bathroom.
What's the first thing you see on your left?
It's a rack full of Phantom of the Opera masks.
You throw one of those little, you throw one of those bad boys on
or maybe you bring your own from home
and then you can have your own sort of, well, no,
you can't bring your own from home.
It has to be, it has to promise anonymity.
All of these beautiful masquerade masks.
Turn every, turn every bathroom into eyes wide shut.
Yeah.
Except that it's literally like we're pretending
like all of our eyes are just shut.
It's just eyes shut.
God, I mean, if we could, if we could figure out a way to like,
okay, another solution is you walk into the bathroom
and there's blindfolds and you put those on
and then there's like a string that you follow
to either, you know, Browntown or to either,
which of the different toilets there are.
Maybe, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Another money making idea, bathroom bouncer.
Okay, okay.
And they've got like a rope and they're like,
now we're at capacity, gotta wait till someone else comes out.
Yeah.
That kind of, you know, and it's also,
that's gotta make it feel cool.
And then if somebody flips off the light and he's like,
oh no, you're not allowed back at the bathroom ever again.
In any bathroom.
In any bathroom, I'm gonna spread the word.
I have a, we, we, when we were shooting our TV show,
there was a, there was probably 20 people,
I would guess working on it at the same time
in one building that had one toilet to spare.
So basically anytime you went to use the bathroom,
you were doing like the knob turn,
oh, there's like knock occupied and then having to move away.
My question is, how far do you have to move away?
Do you guys do the thing where you move away so far
that you couldn't conceivably have been the mystery knocker?
The person who is like, like I've gone so far
as to like look around as though I've just seen the person
that knocked on them, like get away from me again.
Like I was trying to get tabs on him.
Like, well, he went that way boss, go get him.
Oh yeah, he ran right through you.
He's dressed like a real perv.
When they walk out of the bathroom,
I am on my phone making a fake phone call.
And as they walk by me, I'll say something like,
it's been so nice talking to you for 20 minutes.
I will often do a full pantomimus though.
I've just realized I need to go to the right,
even if no one else is around, just in case.
Like it's sort of like, oh, were you just in the bathroom?
You know, now that you mentioned it, I could bathroom.
Yeah, I could go.
Yeah, oh, cause there's nothing worse than like,
they walk out and I have just through contrivances
and situations that befall us all,
have been too close to the bathroom after that.
And then when the person comes out,
they're like, it's all yours.
Like the worst.
No, I don't.
What did you do?
What did you do to prepare it for me?
What ceremony is prepared?
This is not, yeah, this is not like a giant robot
that you've been piloting
that I am now taking on the legacy of.
This is a toilet that we use for shame.
Justin, use my mech.
You have to, you have to finish the fight.
That's a good thing to say.
Finish the fight.
Finish the fight, bro.
This one's for all of us.
This is a good opportunity for me
to have a little press conference for you,
my two brothers, because Justin was not joking.
We had one toilet for all 20 of us
for three weeks while we were shooting the show.
And at one point the toilet seat broke.
It came off the hinge
and was just kind of a free floating situation.
And ladies and gentlemen,
thank you for gathering here today.
It is with much sorrow that I admit
that I was the one who did break the toilet seat
for everybody.
And I never admitted it
and nobody ever fixed the toilet seat.
We did get another toilet seat
and I thought like, boy, I broke it.
I should really take it on myself to put it on there.
But here's the thing.
I used my foot to open and close toilet lids
because I'm not some sort of wild animal.
And I guess I did like sort of a hard bicycle kick
and it disrupted the machinery.
And so I apologize
and I hope that we can all come together
as a country to find a way forward.
Thank you very much.
No questions at this time.
All right, let's let the healing begin in the money zone.
Do you guys wanna know what I had for dinner last night?
Not especially.
Yes, I do.
In great detail, pan-seared cod.
Slower.
With udon noodles served in a-
That is not how that word is pronounced,
even close to it.
Udon, ayudon noodles.
No, I'm not Don.
Thank you for asking though.
Ayudon noodles.
I'm Dizerone.
Shiitake broth and some very other good flavors
to enjoy with a relish.
I believe so.
Yes, thank you.
Two scoops of that over at table Justin.
Oh, my regards to the chef.
My compliments to him on this perfection
served on a platter.
Who's the chef for this one?
Well, consider me abashed
because it is I, Justin, or Chef Justin
as I prefer to be called
when I'm wearing my hat and says that.
Are you in a fugue state?
What are you doing?
You made dinner but you don't remember it?
Yeah, that's how good it was
because I convinced myself that no one could have made,
no person that was me could have made this Blue Apron meal.
That's right, it's Blue Apron
that turned me into a chef magically,
so magical I don't remember the details.
You sound like a drunk chopped contestant.
Like it's noodles with flavor.
So Blue Apron is a service that will,
you sign up for it and they send you boxes
with meals in it that you get to make yourself
and they're really like good meals.
Like I just described one
and then there's Thai green curry chicken
and squash with the yu choy.
That was in September.
Roasted pork steam buns.
I love the steam buns, man.
You can't get those around here.
So it's really nice.
Like there's a lot of stuff.
I live in West Virginia.
There's a lot of stuff like I literally don't have access to
like produce that I don't have access to
and that kind of thing.
So it's really cool to be able
to get the experience of making those.
You can check out this week's menu
and get your first three meals for free
with free shipping by going to blueapron.com
slash my brother.
That's blueapron.com slash my brother.
I want to tell you about Squarespace.
Squarespace is a fun and easy way
to make your own website.
Whether you need a landing page
or a beautiful gallery or a professional blog
or an online store.
It's all included with your Squarespace website.
It's really easy to make.
You don't have to be like a programmer
or anything you can just add
and arrange content and features
just by dragging and dropping and clicking and stuff.
You can get your own custom domain
which you'll receive for free for a year.
They got templates to use
to make your stuff look really nice.
They have commerce tools.
They have 24-7 customer support.
It is a really really good platform
for making a website
where you just like get Squarespace
and you don't have to worry about anything else.
And you can start a free trial today.
Ever again.
You get your website and you're good to go.
You can get your free trial today
at squarespace.com slash my brother
and get 10% off your first purchase.
That's Squarespace.
They don't even say to say this anymore
but build it beautiful.
Maybe they're moving away.
They're rebranding.
They can't.
You can't take that from me.
Do you remember when Pepsi used to be Pepsi?
America's Pepsi.
And that was their tagline?
And now every time I think of Pepsi
it's like Pepsi America's Pepsi.
I think the tagline was I think the tagline was Pepsi.
It's better Coke.
Do you remember when Dr. Bell.
Oh sorry go ahead.
Dr. Pepper had one and it was like Dr. Pepper
the other brown stuff.
And they said that.
And now like every time I drink a Dr. Pepper
I'm like that is the other brown stuff.
Do you remember when Taco Bell invented tacos
and had to sell them to a hungry nation in the 60s?
And the tagline was Taco Bell.
It's like a hamburger flipped in half.
There's no one that ever had them.
Yeah that was crazy.
I'm so glad they invented it.
We have a message for John from Kitty and Ten.
Congratulations to the okayest dungeon master ever
for acquiring your first home.
That's all we have to say but the more I type
the less each word costs.
I've got it down to two dollars and eight cents.
All the best Kitty Purry and Den Visa.
Oh god when you break down the math like that
it really makes me question the sort of
efficiency of some of it.
Well that and also like you just I would
if the next Jumbotron I just want it to be like
no articles.
No just like conjunctions in every single word
to just like squeeze.
It reminds me of that that 1-800 collect commercial
it's like we oughta baby eat Subway.
You remember that?
Oh it was a good commercial.
That was good.
I don't think we had a baby.
It's a boy was the tagline.
Rolling that commercial because it's like
what a cheap man to spin the quarter.
You just had a baby.
It's a boy.
Spin the quarter.
Call your folks.
Oh my god.
I haven't thought about that fucking commercial yet.
I haven't thought about the idea of collect calls
in probably a decade.
Wow times huh.
The time as they are changing.
This message is for Sarah and it's from Team Chicago
which is apparently made up of Lauren Shell and Jess.
The 2016 Chicago Bulls.
Lauren Shell and Jess.
That's right they're going with a three person
basketball team which is unconventional.
Sarah without you our nails would be ragged.
Our skeeball teams would be sadder.
And our party drinks would be flatter.
Happy belated birthday to our favorite mixologist
and Swasomest friend.
We love you.
To be fair they just said Swasom friend
so she might not be there Swasomest.
Yeah sure.
I don't want to put words in Team Chicago's mouth.
Sarah it sounds like provides
and I try not to look at human beings this pragmatically
but just like a lot of functionality.
Oh yeah.
Like my nails are looking good.
My drink is very much on point.
And what's that in the skeeball hole the 100.1?
It's a ball.
Sarah put it there.
Damn.
Damn Sarah.
Now just to be fair Griffin it doesn't say that she
brings any kind of skill to the skeeball
but rather just makes them happy.
So she might be like kind of you know like a mascot.
Maybe she's not good at skeeball at all
but rather she's got a lot of skeeball puns
that every time she breaks them out
everyone groans a little bit but they also smile and laugh too.
Like they get it.
Tai is a pedantic person.
I think when he pronounces these words
it's in a very show-offy way.
Jairo.
Yiro.
Sacrebleu.
Sacrebleu.
Ayers Rock.
Uluru.
What you are witnessing is real.
The participants are not actors.
They are actual litigants with real cases.
They call in via Skype to Judge John Hodgman's court.
The real people's court.
Now I call you to Judge John Hodgman's internet court.
Find it at Maximumfun.org or wherever you download podcasts.
Hey I've got a Yahoo here.
Oh I've been hoping you would say that.
It's someone sent in by Sarah Urias.
Thank you Sarah.
It's by Yahoo Answers user.
They're anonymous.
This platform is just quicksand.
It's just sucking down.
It's just disappearing.
This anonymous user asks,
did cavemen cry?
Did cavemen cry?
Wow.
Did cavemen cry?
Yeah but did cavemen cry?
Here's cavemen.
Uh huh.
Things they had to worry about.
One, fighting dinosaurs.
Defo.
Nonstop.
Left and right.
Left and right.
Dinos, dinos, dinos, dinos, dinos.
It was like Jurassic World up in there but for real this time.
Fighting dinos just to survive.
And I think when that's happening.
Oh also other things they were worried about.
Playing funny ribcage xylophones.
Grunting at each other and trying to make sense of what
augment in different contexts.
Making just really shitty art on cave walls.
Yeah good work guys.
Yeah put it, where should we put my art?
I'm gonna work really hard on it.
It's the first art anyone's ever done.
How about inside of this cave where nobody will ever come?
Yeah that sounds, it seems good to me.
What they don't tell you about cave art is that
cavemen would only do it at their friends houses as a prank.
Like you would come home and be like,
uh god damn it Augg what is this?
God damn it Jamie Kennedy senior, senior, senior, senior, senior, senior, senior, senior, senior.
Come clean this up.
This is uh this is terrible.
This doesn't look like anything.
What if cavemen just cried like at the drop of a hat?
A lot yeah.
All the fucking time.
I got you this uh new bone.
I saw it was crazy I saw a fucking huge dinosaur today.
Did you check out that mastodon over there?
Beautiful masto.
Do you think they're like,
I bet that there was probably a situation where they got to become like really good
friends with the dinosaur uh and like they would pet them all the time but then their
family would be like very hungry and they would have to like,
and the dinosaur is very hungry too and they had to make that decision like do I feed my
family to the dinosaur or vice versa and also it's the last dinosaur.
Oh cool yeah and he's like as he's clubbing and he's like I'm sorry Grog sorry.
Can you imagine how fucking annoying sidebar can you imagine how fucking annoying the meetings
the meetings would have been when a bunch of cavemen decided to create language like
let's call this one an apple like like no that's a terrible name for it it's a it has wings and it
looks like a mouse with wings they can't call it an apple let's call it something else let's call
it a bat they were just picking that shit from whole cloth yeah like that that must have been
infuriating.
Can we just call it all rocks?
No we can't just call everything rocks Doug.
Well everything is made out of rocks pretty much right like everything is just different
size and shaped rocks you got to think long term Doug.
Can you imagine being the first caveman to cry like maybe something like fall and just
like water starts streaming from your eyeballs?
Yeah what the fuck is Jerry even doing right now I don't know I got so bummed that I just
started gushing.
From these orbs in my face.
Please.
Yeah from these things that I don't know what they do when I poke them it hurts I don't
know I don't know I'm stupid as hell when I go like this I can't see the dinosaurs anymore
so I guess they're eyes anyway when I cry it's weird feels good as fuck to like really
get it out there because we're all under a lot of duress and it we live to be 11 years
old and so like there's kind of a lot going on right now and when I do this and I gush
from my eyes I guess it feels good as fuck.
Feels really good I just kind of sit down and take like one second off of like hunting
and killing things and I just have like a moment for me where like I gush from these
eye things and suddenly it's like oh yeah that was I don't know what's the word cathartic
I just made that up.
I just made that one up that's a crazy word I made up.
Excuse me Philip I hate to interrupt I've been trying to do it I've been thinking like
just like squeezing them and poking them and but I can't I'm not gushing like what's
well maybe it's because you're a failure and you're bad at it.
Wait hold on let me try let me try something and then he lets a velociraptor into eat
your dad and it's like how about now yeah I'm gushing this is crazy it feels so good.
Does the velociraptor get away with it or well no he goes to prison.
Yeah cavemen cavemen cried if dogs cry right dogs cry sometimes I think cavemen probably
did it.
Cavemen didn't cry because cavemen were the luckiest phase of humanity ever because
cavemen were the only listen I can prove this scientifically cavemen were the only
time of any of our species history one of the very much only times when they didn't
live among dinosaurs but were too stupid to realize that they could have with the things
that shook them out just a bit differently like they missed the dinosaurs too like I
miss them as well but I have to look at like their bones and realize like fuck I could
have got a huge saddle and just like killed it out there they had no idea that they had
missed out that was the last truly happy generation of humans like as soon as our like great awakening
as a people was the first time somebody found like a giant tibia and was like oh fuck we
fucked up we did it so bad just uh counterpoint they were also a generation where the leading
cause of death was being devoured by a big and terrible dog and so I would argue that
that wasn't so great and now we're worried about like not having internet and mean tweets
and our millennials right huh the guy is so much better than cavemen and they don't even
realize it I mean if I had to decide between people with anime avatars saying horrible
things to me on twitter or being devoured by a big and horrible dog I think I'd actually
go with the dog thing because at least then it's over with and now I have to live with
the weight of these anime avatars my girlfriend and I live in a basement apartment and our
landlord lives upstairs we have a door in the backyard that goes to our carport and
we drive frequently our landlord has two small dogs that poop in the backyard so whenever we
come home from work late at night we can't see well enough and sometimes step in dog poop it's
her private backyard so she's probably never had to clean up after them should we ask that she
clean up her dog's poop or just walk around the house and coming through the front door
that's from doo doo dilemma in dc there's just the point in here it's her private backyard so
she's probably never had to clean up after them oh okay so another caveman question then cool two
in a row what is that yard just belongs to the dogs no one else gets back there so i just let
the dookie pile up i'm turning into a real junk pit what are you saying i just leave the dookie
there forever yeah you do have to like even if you own the dogs you do accept that like
this is diminishing the value of this as a yard whenever you leave the dookie out there
let me take you on a tour or march on your calendar is one worst day ever of your life
this is my this is my house is the new bathroom we just got it remodeled and really happy with
that i got yeah porcelain features and then oh you're gonna love the backsplash in the kitchen
and anyway um this is the shit field don't go into the shit field you just have a like a big
part of your yeah it's about 1500 square feet and it's just an ocean of dookie that one cleanup
once a year though that's rough yeah the reaping i can't come with you guys this week the dark
harvest begins on friday and then i'll have to take a day off uh maybe a week off just to like
throw up yeah i think you just i think you just chuck a molotov cocktail back there and see what
happened pave it pave it pave it more dirt over it and then more grass and then you just keep
building it up so eventually you just have like a mountain of shit in your back i think that's how
like uh uh like those landfills work yeah i think that's how uh the plot of the movie poltergeist
we're agree though that they cannot speak to their landlord about this right like there is
nothing that would upset me like if okay if my dog is pooping in the backyard and i'm just like
living with that situation i have certainly done some soul searching prior to this about
what sort of yard i want for myself what sort of yard i want to leave for my children and my
children's children like i i think i've probably already made this life choice i don't need these
young upstarts telling me what i should and shouldn't be doing with my poopy yard
um yeah and also it's that's just a crazy thing to ask somebody hi i don't know you but i live in
your house anyway touch shit touch touch shit touch it touch that shit go out there and get
your hands get your grubby hands all over it maybe some kind of sky bridge now we're talking
you either need to touch shit or put in a state-of-the-art sky bridge i'm talking like
high bridge maybe like a ski lift that just sort of lifts you over the dukey fields or like that
thing that wayne zelinsky had in honey i shrunk the kid that like you just lay in and kind of
like pulley yourself across the yard and then you get on and it also helps you look for your
miniature kids you remember god what if the kids from the kid shrinking movies and we cannot go
off on another kid shrinking movie tangent again but what if this is where they got lost no
no where are the kids they're they are they've they're better off dead at this point they're
in they're lost in the shit fields oh god hey uh uh i have a uh vape confirmation by the way
oh okay i didn't know this was a thing that we do on the show well this is one that we had
discussed previously okay that i just wanted to put a pin in it because i got a text from
my dear friend dwight slappy last night and it read thusly fyi john q sac was just caught vaping
at the cubs game so that one is in the books that's an official like that i think he should
actually be removed from which one vapes because that's an official one yeah it's just cheating i
do want to hit you his jersey needs to get raised up into the rafters of which one you guys have a
quick quick one because i didn't wander over the website while i was thinking about this and i did
just want to hit you with this one montel williams versus tim curry which one vapes oh that's good
now which one vapes though on that one does vape um i think tim curry tried it once and he said no
i find it displeasurable uh expected winner was montel williams i think that's right yeah i think
that one is is legit um alan cumming or mr t which one fuck that's a really alan cumming
alan oh man oh man that's tough alan cumming can probably do cool like alan cumming definitely
smoked analog and when he did that he probably could do cool like french smoke blow techniques
and so i think that translates over to a vapor environment really really easily so i think you're
really good at it i think it's alan okay fair enough it's mr t uh that just according to the
science of which one vapes uh is mr t the whole time uh can we take it to the leaderboards mo
real quick because yeah let's check the leaderboards i don't think there's been a lot
of action uh but i do just want to recap number six most likely to vape rob kardashian number five
ashton kutcher number four shyla buff uh number three macklemore number two chris angel i'm pretty
sure this number one is new coming in with a bullet number one and it's basically absolutely
so on point is dane cook um on on the number one uh number one least likely to vape right now is
lana turner i think a lot of people use a cheap get out of jail free card with those least likely
to vapes when they're i don't think you can assume that vape technology was not available
in lana turner's time and that should like give her an out i think you need to just make the
assumption debbie reynolds would have pulled down the thickest luscious cotton um by the way most
likely brother to vape right now is travis excellent congrats i just i just don't see that
but that's fine okay um i would i'm more of a second most likely i think but you know what
i'm not here to judge that's what the website is for let's uh let's wrap it up huh i gotta go watch
more just wet and wild stuff down at the baby class all right let's bring it on home uh thank
you to uh everybody who listened to this episode and enjoyed it uh we we very much appreciate you
thank you the maximum fun org network uh i want to give a special uh plug for max fun show called
dead pilot society uh they just released their it's the premise is great they they read pilots
that didn't get made and do like stage reading stage readings of them and they're great but
the one that was released this week uh is a script by uh john hodgeman uh starring john
hodgeman as a 14 year old john hodgeman in a script called only child and it's so fucking
funny that you you should really go listen to it right the second you find that maximum fun org
along with a ton of other great shows uh if you like the shows we do we do a bunch of them you
can find them all at mcroyshows.com um you can also find like our contact info and video stuff
that we do there as well um i want to plug a podcast because like i've recently seen a lot
of people say they didn't know that i do this podcast it's called cool games inc it's a video
game design podcast for me and nick robinson at polygon uh we take ideas that are goofy from the
audience and we develop them into um into full video game ideas and i'm really proud of that
podcast and it's cool games inc and i think you would really like it um i also do rosebuddies with
my wife where we talk about bachelorette canada right now which is pretty buck wild well if that's
what we're gonna do then i i do a podcast yeah hop in there called shmanners uh where we talk
about etiquette and uh how it still applies in the modern age and we answer people's questions and
give advice on it uh and yeah i mean it's really good and i think my wife does a wonderful job on
it everyone to check it out it's called shmanners and it's on maximum fun org i got a max fun show
it's called sawbones and my wife's a doctor and it's a medical history podcast everybody just
adores and it's just the tops it's the tops if you like weird old medical stuff especially around
this spookiest of times um we need to do like a spooky episode by the way what's like a i don't
know like a spooky one we gotta think of a spooky episode today for my brother my brother really
something of that something very haunted and ghoulish yeah something ghouly uh anyway that's
called sawbones it's on itunes and maximum fun org and it's available for you thanks to john roger
can the long winters uh for the use of our theme song is a departure off the album put in the days
to bed such a good album all of the long winters albums are so good just just just go find some
music of theirs and go listen to it and then go purchase it because it's it's really great uh
final yahoo yes yes it's funny yahoo was sent in by zoe kinski thank you zoe kinski
riding high yeah and hi right now you can see thank you it's by yahoo answers user
dini who asks have you ever wondered what happens to ghosts during tornadoes and hurricanes
that's good i'm bob we had a baby it's a boy oh come on my name is justin mcroy i'm travis
mcroy i'm griffin mcroy this has been my brother my brother and me kiss your dad squirt on the lips
mugs shirts stickers patches tanks and more are yours for the purchasing at maxfundstore.com
hey you already love the podcasts so why not take this to the next level and outfit your home and
bud with our merch maxfundstore.com because if you have to wear a shirt it should be one of ours
maximumfund.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported
