The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Well, everybody, and welcome to My Brother, My Brother, Me,
an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother, Justin McElroy.
I'm your middlest brother, Travis McElroy.
I am your sweet baby brother and 30 under 30 media luminary, Griffin McElroy.
Isn't it rich? There has to be a
certain separation. Don't you approve?
There's so many songs. There's a lot of songs.
Okay. Is this the only song you know?
It doesn't even apply. There's lots of songs, I know.
But that song doesn't even apply to this. Are we the clowns?
No, we've always been the clowns. It's the 10-year anniversary spectacular
that we are not putting extra effort into. Why?
Well, one, we did something different for our 500th episode and you need consistency right now.
We can't just throw another really special episode on you out of nowhere.
The whiplash. Come on.
Secondly, it's just a hard time right now, okay?
Get up our butts.
You know what? Thirdly, we're tired. 10 years of this.
10 years.
Do the math, folks. This is episode 506. In 10 years, we have missed 14 episodes.
Not bad.
Not bad. Not a bad hit rate.
That's 1.4 episodes a year we've missed.
Hey, everyone, let's go on a trip back in time to 2010.
What were we all doing? Well, in theaters, we were watching The King's Speech.
Uh-huh. I thought I haven't seen it.
We were enjoying Winter's Bone as a nation.
No, I didn't read it.
It seems like a million years. Winter's Bone. Can you even remember?
Toy Story 3? It's like decoding ancient hieroglyphs, isn't it?
I'll never forget when Justin called us and said,
guys, I know how we can make a quick buck. We'll just start this podcasting thing.
The money is there. We can do whatever.
We'll just phone something in and get that sweet cache.
He said, we'll get that sweet cache for inflation, counting for inflation.
He knew, like in the context of this conversation,
he was like, counting for inflation, this is going to be a lot of money 10 years from now.
And also, I just got out of Winter's Bone in the theater,
and I drove home listening to Dynamite by Teo Cruz,
because it's 2010, and that's how we fucking do things this year.
I did a double feature, King's Speech and Winter's Bone,
and now I'm ready for the yucks. So let's get that comedy money.
I want to keep talking about 2010 for a second, the different world we live in.
I just wanted to mention one of the big things that happened in 2010
is 33 Chilean miners were trapped in a mine a half mile underground
and then emerged safely from that mine after two months.
So that's 10 years since the Chilean miners thing.
And of course, the Xbox Kinect came out and changed gaming forever.
The Good Wife with Juliana Margulies.
How about that? How about them fucking apples?
And it's now anamorphed into The Good Fight on CBS All Access,
if you want to check that out.
Check that out, but what a difference 10 years makes.
The Good Wife with Juliana Margulies going into the second season in 2010,
three young boys with dreams in their eyes and their hearts
and sweat on their brow put together a podcasting empire.
10 years pass, now it's The Good Fight on CBS All Access.
Still a great show, not as much Juliana Margulies.
Too true. Couldn't hold on to Juliana.
So let's just do a regular show and not make a big deal out of it, okay?
It's been 10 years and I can't wait for 10 more.
Can I listen to CeeLo Green's Fuck You or Forget You?
Damn y'all, can I just, 2010, real quick,
Rollin' in the Deep by Adele, Runaway by Kanye West,
Just the Way You Are by Bruno Mars,
Super Bass by Nicki Minaj,
Dancing on My Own by Robin,
California Girls by Katy Perry,
Fucking Firework by Katy Perry.
Like, hello, one year? Are you sure?
Moves Like Jagger by Maroon 5?
Are you sure in one year you want to do all that?
Okay. Call Your Girlfriend by Robin.
Fine. That's cool.
Damn.
Hey, and let's just take a quick look over at the movies.
It's just Avatar.
That was the only movie in 2010.
Oh!
Yeah.
So was Winter's Bone with it, like, as you were watching Avatar,
it was like buried in it?
It was a spinoff.
Oh!
It was a spinoff.
Okay.
Hey, real though, though, can I just say though, real quick, though?
If I could just say real quick?
Yeah, give it to us real quick, juice.
I'm looking at that box office for 2010, right at 8, 9, 10,
you got Despicable Me, Shrek, Forever After,
How to Train Your Dragon.
Are you okay?
We're doing great.
Is everybody all right?
Holy shit.
Yeah.
Anyway, 2010 was a banger of a year.
Zolo, never forget it,
beats the shit out of our current sort of situation.
Yeah, so much better than our year.
Yeah, Tightrope by Janelle Monáe, come on.
Let's go back, take me back.
Earlier this week, I was doing some gardening with my sister.
It was hard to concentrate because two cats were boisterously making love beyond the hedge.
Our cat is, our yard is a cat hotspot,
so this is likely not the last time it will happen.
I want to spend more time in the garden,
but I'm afraid the ambiance will be broken by a couple of cats getting down.
What can I do about these feisty felines?
That's from Yard Dweller.
I hate doing animal questions.
You know what the problem is?
I don't know fucking anything about animals,
but a lot of people on internet defo do.
Right.
And they definitely want to talk about.
I don't think we've ever answered an animal question
that like a SWAT team of 30 animal experts didn't fall through the skylight like,
no, wait, the horse, you can't do that.
His feet are actually made of nails or whatever.
Justin, you might not know from cats,
but I know you know about fucking.
Justin does know about, no, no, come on, dude.
That's why we all call you the fuck master.
So now you're infringing on blank checks, trademarks.
That's great.
Okay, the fuck doctor is here, Justin.
He doesn't know anything about cats.
Professor fuck.
Professor fuck is here and-
You don't need to know about cats.
You just need to know how to stop people.
But it could be linked.
Stop something from fucking.
Justin's point could still hold though,
because we could be like, well, just chase them off
so they don't have sex.
And then we will get like 50 tweets from people like,
no, cats have to have sex or they'll die.
And it's like, ah, man.
Eventually.
Eventually, I guess that's true.
Broadly speaking, as a species,
maybe we need to focus more on like,
what is making your yard conducive to cat fucking?
Yeah, you've turned your yard into a sort of feline,
sort of Caligula den.
What if you, do you just leave saucers of milk?
And also, what makes cat horny?
Well, I mean, like I said,
I think that you could just universally describe things
that wouldn't make anything horny.
You know, like as you've always said,
saucer milk, comfortable sheets.
Cat's movie makes humans horny.
Yeah, so human movies.
You think a human movie.
Any movie about humans.
So just, I guess, do you have pornographic films
running in your yard on like little iPod Nanos?
That might be part of the problem.
Yeah, get rid of those.
Did you say sheets?
Comfortable sheets, yeah.
In your yard?
Well, I know this is just a bit,
well, I was just throwing noodles.
You're assuming that this person has maybe left
some comfortable sheets in their yard.
No, but maybe there's something replicating
comfortable sheets.
Maybe there's some really smooth ivy, right?
And they're like, oh, this is the cat equivalent of sheets.
I want a bone on this.
Right, you need to get rid of that ivy.
I like that Justin took umbrage with that
and not with my suggestion that you have iPod Nanos
showing pornography as if you've set in a bunch of different
sort of drive-in smut theaters for borrowers
and Honey, I Shrunk the Kid situations.
All right, counter-argument.
The iPod Nanos have to be somewhere.
We bought a lot of them.
Where are they now?
I don't have one.
You don't have one.
He doesn't have one.
So they're somewhere, right?
We kept eating them, didn't we?
As a dare.
Yep.
Just kept munching them.
You know, maybe it's just that your yard is a place
where cats feel comfortable having something.
Maybe it's not an arousal thing.
They're just like, you know what?
I feel like I can really be myself here
and really let go.
It's like the sandals for cats, you know?
They go, they feel comfortable there.
It's all inclusive.
And they're able to let their hair down
and really make love, really.
I mean, this is for fun sex for these cats, maybe.
Yeah, I mean, it could just be a snowball effect
where a couple of cats fucked in your yard once
and then other cats saw that and they were like,
oh, it's safe to fuck in that yard.
Yep.
So I think you do need to,
and this may be one of the more irresponsible suggestions
I've sort of put out there,
but get a lover and you both dress up like kitty cats
and go in your neighbor's yard and start boisterously plowing
but just be like, meow, this butt is the cat's pajamas
or say whatever it is.
They would just say our pajamas.
This is good as our, yeah.
This is the us meow.
But do it loud and make it seem appealing like,
oh, that yard must have better sexual energy in it
because I'd see two enormous bipedal cats
and so that's the party I want to be on.
Now, how do you do this without your neighbor seeing
or anyone else seeing or God seeing God in heaven
who sees all, you don't want him to see this one.
No, not this one.
I don't know, maybe a tarp.
That's great, Travis.
That's great.
Up on sticks, so you have room underneath it
so the cats can see from the side
but God looking down from the sky can't see around the tarp.
He's afraid of tarps.
I have a-
Can't see through them.
It's like his lead.
Hey, I have a Yahoo here.
Can I read it?
God can't see through tarps.
Can't see through tarps.
I'm sad you said that at the end
because if I wasn't bored of this question by now,
I think I would hang out there and play with that
but I'm done pretty good.
I'm pretty good done at this point.
This is a super cool Yahoo
that the prospector Merritt Palmer sent in.
Thank you.
It's an anonymous Yahoo Answers user.
I really wish somebody had stamped their name on this one.
So instead, I'm going to call it Susannanana.
Susannanana asks-
Susannanana.
If the founding fathers left-
If the founding fathers-
If the founding fathers left behind a magic horn
that could summon the legends-
If the founding fathers left behind a magic horn
that could summon the legends of American history,
would now be the time to blow it?
Man, that's such a hard decision to make, you know?
Because you only get to do it once.
Yeah, I mean, they specifically inscribed that on the magic horn
when they left it behind and buried it beneath the White House.
But it goes on.
If the founding fathers left behind a magic horn
that could be blown in a time of dire need to save America
but it would only work once-
Thank you, Travis.
Would now be the time to use it?
They would stay-
They would stay till the next new moon.
All right, let's break this down.
This continues on.
The founding fathers could come back
and solve the political problems.
Great inventors like Edison and Tesla and Curie
and Joe Salk, Jonas Salk and such
could find a vaccine and a cure for the coronavirus.
The inventors and scientists could work out something
for saving the environment.
It would be cool to see the great composers, musicians,
and singers again who would bring us great music
to inspire us through this crisis.
Andrew's sisters could be back a while,
just like they were in World War II.
John Henry and Paul Bunyan could build us
some new infrastructure.
What is happening?
Well, a blue magic horn brought back all American legends.
Let me finish.
Okay, no, wait.
I'm confused, although I do want to dispute.
Some of these are real human beings
that invented fucking vaccines
and some of them are Paul Bunyan.
This is a good horn.
I'm pretty sure-
Okay, Marie Curie, I'm kind of sure.
But Tesla, I know wasn't born here.
I would not call them American legends.
Maybe we know of them here.
But it's not like-
Can we claim Marie Curie?
Is that ours?
You gotta let me finish this.
There's one last part here
that is maybe the wildest one of all.
It would likely conjure the armies of the past
who could restore peace in the Middle East.
Oh, I don't think that that's what
they've been waiting on over there.
I don't think they've been waiting on
a bunch of old, tiny soldiers to show up
in old, heavy, woolen garb
with their muskets and what have you
and been like, oh, that was it.
That was the piece of the puzzle
that's been missing the whole time.
Final sentence, if there was such a magic horn
would now be the time to use it.
Well, okay, so I think a couple things
we can kind of maybe poke holes in a little bit.
Like, I think if Edison, Marie Curie,
Jonas Salk, Tesla, if they came back now,
I think they would have so much science to catch up on.
Like, I don't think that they would be able
to get to it by the next new moon, right?
Because they'd come back and be like,
whoa, let me see that iPhone.
And you're like, yeah, but let's work on coronavirus.
And they're like, give me a minute.
Is that a TV?
What the hell, right?
Like, I don't think coronavirus,
we're gonna get to that.
You know what I mean?
Well, they'd have to also jump through some hoops.
Edison has fallen, I would say, greatly out of favor.
Yeah, he's gonna be doing so,
like his main first thing is gonna be
just rebuilding the brand.
Yeah, he has had it rough.
Here's where we go, fucking Tesla, Marie Curie.
They're like, what's up, what's up?
People are like, oh, fuck yeah, cool, come on in.
Edison's like, what's up?
Your man, Edison's here too.
Anybody need anything invented?
And they'll be like, yo, tell us about this elephant
that you shocked to death, partner.
And he'd have to be like, oh, fuck,
I think I can really whip this thing into,
no, you're right.
Okay, so listen, it was a different time.
You have gone from like world renowned inventor father
of like the electric light to literal Dr. Who villain
in a literal episode of Dr. Who, my man.
I know it's been rough since you kind of checked out
with the dying, but things have not gone well for you
in the interim.
You should have left a very sympathetic like memoir
or something.
And can you imagine when Paul Bunyan comes back
and you're like, let's get to work on this infrastructure.
How about some kind of universal wifi?
And he's like, what?
What are you talking about?
I can take a new Grand Canyon.
You're like, no, we need highways, we need restructure
bridges.
Oh, I don't do that.
In my mindscape, I have thought of a deeper hole
we can poo poo and pee in.
John Henry, we're gonna need you to do some kind
of light rail system.
No, I'm a steel driving man.
I don't know anything about that.
You have 24 hours to learn all about electromagnets
or else we're gonna blow the fucking horn again.
Okay, oh no, you'll send me back to hell.
What?
All of them are in hell.
They're all in hell.
Okay, wow.
Even Jonas Salk created the polio vaccine.
That's a tough break, Jonas.
Sorry, hey, you gave it away for free and refused
to patent your vaccine, but you're in hell?
Yep, you don't know what other stuff he was into.
You know what?
That's a tough way to counterbalance that, Trav.
I mean, not my works are you saved.
I do get that, for sure.
All right, let's put this out there right now.
The next new moon is gonna come April 22nd.
So right now, sort of chronologically speaking,
is not the best time to blow this horn.
No, no, no, no.
April 23rd, we blow this horn, we get the maximum
amount of time with these American legends.
But here's the problem, Griffin.
What if-
There's a problem?
Yes, between now and the 22nd is when it's the exact
moment we most needed them, right?
So we might not, it might be quality over quantity, right?
Like we would only have 10 days with them,
but in that 10 days is when we needed them most.
Well, I would argue that we should have fucking
blown this horn on what, February or March 22nd?
Yeah, Griffin, yeah, duh.
But we just found the horn, didn't we?
We just found it.
We were repainting that one bathroom,
and we peeled off the wallpaper,
and there was a little door there,
and we just never looked.
I think-
We never looked.
What do you think the founding fathers,
like if John Adams came back now and like fixed
the American government, he'd be like,
ooh, I don't fucking know, man.
I don't know.
And it's like, oh, okay, and he's like,
so I got like what, 27 days left?
I'm just gonna go, well, I can't go outside, huh?
Because you guys fucked that up.
Ooh.
Sorry.
I'm pretty sure that like their shit aged pretty bad also.
Pretty sure by the time Bill Wright came out,
that most of them were like, oh, man,
we fucking beefed it pretty bad on that one, huh?
The whole foundational shit.
Ah, beans.
I don't think that's gotten better since, what?
Why didn't we put-
We should have put no scrubs into the Constitution.
Yeah, damn it.
Should have just written no scrubs.
Ben Franklin's like, I know, right?
That's what I said.
I said that.
And you said, but what about him?
He's a scrub.
And I said, no scrubs.
Do you have to play a song on the magic horn
or is it just, is it sort of like one of those long
Ricola horns that you just kind of like
emit a deep blow from?
And then do they come out of the horn?
Huh?
No, I think it just summons it.
You blow it, knock, knock, knock.
Hey, you needed us?
Like, it would be weird if they sprung fully formed.
How big is the horn though, I guess?
Because if the horn is like gigantic
and we found it like in, you know, I don't know,
a desert or something, that's pretty cool.
But if it's just like a handheld number,
I don't want to see human beings come out of it.
I bet fucking Alexander Hamilton
would be pretty psyched about everything though, huh?
Yeah, he'd probably enjoy it.
He'd probably come out with all this stuff.
He'd be like, how's the money stuff?
Not good, not good?
I'll do what I can, but hold on.
First, let me enjoy this moment.
I can actually, it would be a little,
that would be kind of, I think that would be difficult.
Cause it's like, they did a whole musical about me.
Yeah, how do people feel about it?
They fucking love it.
Oh yeah, can I go see it?
You cannot, nope, that I cannot.
I am so sorry about this, but you cannot do that.
I can't.
Well, soon, right though, before the next new moon, right?
Ooh.
This is challenging.
I can't wait to see the end when I shoot Aaron Burr
right in his fucking head and waste that dude, right?
That's how it happened, right?
That's how it happened, right?
Did I waste him?
I sure hope I did, right?
God, it's been so long.
Real quick, you guys.
Yeah, please.
Now that everyone's stuck at home,
I thought that this would be a really good time.
Oh no, he's about to do something bad, isn't he?
Hi, everybody.
I was just about to give a quiz to my brothers.
So I thought it was a good time for you all
to play along at home.
Yes, yes.
Yeah, you know what?
Actually, I like it now.
Oh, good.
Now I've tried something new here
rather than one question for both of you.
Travis, the format was not broken, pal.
You would-
I have written multiple questions,
but so three questions for Justin
and three questions for Griffin.
Holy Christ, that's got a lot of questions.
But only Justin is allowed to answer Justin's questions
and only Griffin is allowed to answer Griffin's questions,
but everyone at home is welcome to play along
on all the questions.
So let's begin.
Justin, of the original 150,
please name the three ghost type Pokemon.
It's easy shit.
Gastly.
Uh-huh, that's one.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Oh, no.
Gastly.
Oh, I'm sorry, Justin.
Time's up.
Griffin, do you want to-
Fucking Gastly, Haunter, and Gengar.
And technically, and technically,
that one Marowak that was Cubone's mom
that was dead as hell at the top of the tower.
Now, Griffin, at Disneyland,
which animal is given free reign to roam the park at night?
What animal?
A horse.
No, I'm sorry.
The answer is feral cats.
There's estimated to be over 200 feral cats
that roam the grounds of Disneyland at night.
Well, they should do something about that.
Disneyland sucks.
Sucks.
Is that why you did this?
To give me an opportunity to say Disneyland sucks.
Oh, really?
You're Disney World, man.
Only.
Yeah, Disneyland is-
It's pretty good if you can get past the feral cats.
I heard it's not even open.
So, Justin.
Yeah, I bet they're having a fucking heyday, by the way.
200 feral cats, you mean 2,000.
The gates are open.
Everything's made of feral cats.
Justin.
Currently, Eevee has eight possible evolutions.
Please name at least five.
Eevee, possible evolutions.
I mean-
Are you Googling?
No, I'm not Googling, which you'll know because I won't.
Eevee, eight?
Eight seems like so many, right?
Yeah, seems like a lot.
It's a lot to keep track of.
I wanted to say clay fairy for the last one,
so I'm gonna say clay fairy again.
No, God, come on.
Eevee, two?
They all end in eon.
Griffin, how many can you name?
Radion, is that one?
God damn it.
How many can you name, Griffin?
Well, you got Jolteon, Flareon, and Vaporeon from Gen 1,
and I think that's when they added Espeon and Umbreon,
which are the psychic and dark type.
You do have Leafeon and Glaceon, which is ice,
and the fairy type one is Sylveon?
Damn, that's all eight right there.
You guys want me to know?
It's eight Pokemon.
Are you fucking kidding me?
It's eight Pokemon.
Griffin, and if you get anywhere close to the number,
I will count it as correct.
But how many churros are sold at Disneyland every year?
A billion.
Jesus, no, over 2.8 million.
That's a lot of churros, though, huh?
That's quite a lot of churros.
Sorry, I'm just trying to answer these as quickly as possible.
I appreciate that.
I could sooner answer, by the way,
questions about Pokemon than I could about Disneyland.
Oh, really?
With that bad theme park that no one enjoys.
Next week, I'll make them on Disney World.
Or don't do it next week.
Let's not.
Justin, Pikachu's name is a Japanese onomatopoeia portmanteau
for what two words?
Pikachu's name is a Japanese onomatopoeia portmanteau
for what two words?
It is a portmanteau of two onomatopoetical words, I guess.
Two onomatopoetical English words?
No.
Okay, so just...
No, no problem.
Yeah, let me just dip in my knowledge of Pokemon and Japanese
to come up with...
I always thought it was like, peek at you.
Okay.
So, like, you know how he's a dirty perv.
Like, he's a dirty perv when he peeks at you.
I Pikachu.
It's actually...
Oh, let me get a...
Okay.
I mean, Choo Choo Rocket is about a mouse,
so I think Choo is the onomatopoetic noise that a mouse makes.
Okay.
Which would mean that Pika is the sound that electricity makes.
Well, hey, you know what?
I'll count it.
Because Choo Choo is squeaking and Pika Pika is sparkle.
So Pikachu is sparkle and squeaking.
Okay.
Griffin, one last question.
What doesn't he know?
Who said that?
When Pirates of the Caribbean originally opened at Disneyland,
what authentic props were used on loan from UCLA?
Guns.
Incorrect.
The answer is human skeletons.
Oh, they shouldn't have done that.
No, not at all.
That seems horribly, like, morally seeking, right?
Yeah, they shouldn't have used those.
Those are real dead, real deads.
And hey, just FYI, those were all returned,
but there is still, according to the thing I read,
one human skull still in use at Pirates of the Caribbean and Disneyland.
So, guess times, they haven't changed that much.
So who won?
That would be, well, I guess-
I fucking stomped your ass, dude.
Well, Griffin at least knew the answers to your questions.
That's true.
Oh, well.
Hey, we'll get him next time.
But thank you, Travis, for that great segment.
I think we all had a lot of fun.
It was a nice break from humor.
Let's take a break and head on over to the Money Zone.
I want to tell you about Blue Apron.
Because I know that neither one of you have ever heard about it before.
Get this.
This, imagine being able to cook food at home,
but without having to go anywhere to buy that food first.
Blue Apron sends you a box full of ingredients.
Just random ingredients, you ask?
No, specific ingredients to make specific meals
that they also give you instructions on how to cook.
It's just that simple.
And I know what you're asking.
Is it the same three meals every time?
No.
Yes, hamburgers, spaghetti.
No.
No, it's different meals each time.
And you can choose what kind of meals you want.
And these are chef-designed, delicious, ready-to-cook meals
with perfectly portioned ingredients
and a lot of flavorful options.
And it's also near your door, starting as low as $7.49 per serving.
And it's flexible.
You can skip weeks or cancel any time.
Feel good about your food and your environment impact
with Blue Apron, the first and only meal kit
to partner with How To Recycle,
which takes the guesswork out of recycling
and is committed to transparency and reducing waste.
Find comfort in the kitchen with Blue Apron
and enjoy delicious home-cooked meal.
Check out this week's menu and visit BlueApron.com.
That's BlueApron.com.
Blue Apron, eat your soul.
No, feed your soul, excuse me.
Eat your own soul.
You think Shang Tsung ever accidentally ate his own soul?
He was like, oh, crap.
Probably when he was young, right, and first doing it.
Yeah.
Or he was like, kind of like this, like, no.
And he maybe, well, then is it still in your tummy then?
Well, the soul lives in the tummy.
And as you ponder that, also ponder about Stitch Fix.
It is a box that is also gonna come to your door.
And can you build a robot costume out of these boxes?
Sure.
Nobody's gonna stop you from doing that.
But there's other clothes too that come in these Stitch Fix boxes.
It's a personal styling company that makes getting the clothes you love effortless.
You send a box of clothes that is set up for you via the Stitch Fix profile service.
You punch in, like, what kind of stuff you like to wear.
And you work with an online stylist who will then send you clothes.
And whatever you like, you keep and you pay for it.
Everything else you just ship back.
And returns and shipping and exchanges are always easy and free.
You just pay a $20 styling fee for each fix that gets sent to you.
And it's credited towards anything that you keep.
So get started today at stitchfix.com.
Griffin, hold on.
What if I like to wear clothes that are dumb and ugly and uncomfortable?
Will they send me some of those?
I mean, if you ask for it, I don't know.
Hey, Stitch Fix, give me dumb poopy clothes.
Give me the dutiest stuff you got.
They have never sent me poopy clothes ever.
They've only sent me good stuff.
And I really like it.
So get started today at stitchfix.com slash my brother.
And you will get 25% off when you keep everything in your fix.
That's stitchfix.com slash my brother for 25% off when you keep everything in your fix.
Stitchfix.com slash my brother.
Stitch Fix, wear your soul.
Hi, I'm Dave.
Hi, I'm Graham.
And we're two house DJs who have been trapped inside our drum machine.
We love it here.
And we'd love if you stopped by and visited us every week.
On Stop Podcasting Yourself.
Here on MaximumFun.org.
We're just a couple of doofuses from Canada.
And listen to our show or perish.
Stop podcasting yourself on MaximumFun.org.
I got another question from a listener.
Every time I video conference with my co-workers,
they comment about the mirror on the wall behind me.
I like having the mirror there since it makes the room look bigger.
But my co-workers comments are starting to get annoying.
What should I do to hide that mirror
that won't start more conversations about the dang mirror?
And that's from the man in the mirror.
I have no idea.
Oh, yeah.
Like how do you move them?
Like how do you move a mirror?
What do you do with it?
Throw it in the garbage?
You break it?
No, there's nothing to be done.
I'm gonna have to call in some outside help.
You know, Elizabeth Gilbert's an author,
so she's probably just at home.
And she's strong.
Strong enough to move mirrors.
Strong enough to move mirrors.
Let me call her.
Elizabeth, I haven't called you yet.
Okay, let me call her real quick.
Bloop, bloop, blop, bloop, bloop.
Banana phone.
Hi, hi, hi, this is Liz.
Liz, hey, it's Justin and Travis and Griffin.
Oh, I didn't see your name come up on my ID.
That's incredible.
Yeah, you should get your phone fixed.
It's broken.
Yeah, it may be kind of messed up
because I think your phone number
does only have five numbers in it.
Just happened to be walking by the phone.
Just a delight to hear you.
I have her on my speed dial actually,
but she's in the 20,000s,
so it does take five button presses to get there.
Let me text you the question
so I don't have to read it again.
Yep, yep.
Got it?
Okay.
And Justin, what would that sound like?
Let me take you inside the vent for that.
Do some prop work.
Come on, anchor us.
Okay, I'll do it.
Hey Siri, text Elizabeth Gilbert.
Which Elizabeth Gilbert?
The only one in my phone.
Every time I video conference with my coworkers,
they comment about the mirror on the wall behind me.
I like having the mirror there since it,
no, I like having the mirror there.
Delete, delete, delete.
Okay, start up.
Siri, text Liz Gilbert.
Every time I video conference with my,
oh, it auto completed.
Okay, it auto completed with the entire rest of the question.
Perfect.
Okay, so there it is.
You should have it.
Liz, you're about to get like that exact text
from hundreds of thousands of our listeners
by the way, just because of the way that Apple's technology works.
It's weird, it came through,
but it came through as like a GoFundMe directly to you guys.
So I don't know what that is, but yeah.
Well, these are trying times, Liz.
I really like the sort of cyclical nature
of this question being pitched to Liz Gilbert
because the last time you were on the show,
400,000 years ago.
Many years ago.
You dished out some truly helpful
and I would say genuinely life-changing advice
about working from home and taking it seriously
and putting on clean pants every morning.
And here we are now 400,000 years later
in the grips of some, let's say nasty stuff.
And technology has changed.
Now we got video conferencing
and we got to worry about mirrors and stuff.
It's just, it's like a beautiful bookend.
You know what I mean?
And yet some things haven't changed, you know?
And one of the things that hasn't changed
and I think that I would say you guys would agree with me on this
is that people should be themselves still.
So this question asker is saying,
how can I hide my mirror?
Which sounds to me a lot like,
how can I hide my light under a bushel?
And we don't support that, right?
We want you to show your mirror.
If I may, and this is gonna go against,
I would say your entire aesthetic,
but maybe people shouldn't always 100% be themselves, right?
Like there's something, you know what I mean?
Like maybe hold 1% back isn't the worst.
You remember in Elizabeth's novel,
Eat, Pray, Love, the woman learns the lesson
which is on the back page and the front page
is be yourself within reason.
Unless other people are looking.
Unless other, yeah.
Dance like people that you sort of care about watching
are in fact watching you dance.
Dance like your coworkers are watching you.
Right, dance like your coworkers
who you've built up a kind of facade personality for
are watching.
You've seen them dance.
So like keep that in mind as you dance for them.
But I have two thoughts on this.
One is that I think you should write something
on the mirror backwards.
That's good.
And just not even make mention of it
and then pretend that you can't see it, right?
So you could just send,
have very dark satanic messages on the mirror.
Or happy ones.
Yeah, it could be a happy satanic message.
Hey, it's me, Satan.
Be safe out there.
Wash your hands.
What if you put their questions about the mirror
on the mirror, right?
Doug asks, you know,
and you just have it be like a whiteboard.
Could you paint a small child
in prison inside, really?
I'm home.
Can I take it one step further?
Cause my idea was to like,
I think if we combine that and my idea
which is to do that and then cover it
with some kind of black lace.
Oh, very nice.
So if I remove this,
no, you guys don't want to see the mirror anymore.
Trust me.
Yeah, cause you'll trade places
with whoever you see in there.
And then they're gonna take over this meeting
and they're gonna waste a lot of company time.
Yeah.
Could you make some sort of optical illusion
with your camera on your phone
or on your laptop or whatever you're using?
So when they complain about the mirror,
they mention the mirror,
you go, okay, you guys, I hear you.
I'm gonna move it now.
But when you go to move it,
your reflection doesn't show up in it.
Oh, there's gotta be some,
somebody, we'll get the top people on that
and see if we can't.
Hey, let's call David Blaine.
Someone get David Blaine on the phone.
Let me call him too.
Hey, it's me, David Blaine.
I'm not done calling you, David Blaine.
Oh, but I'm here to help.
Hey, I knew you were gonna call.
That's the magic trick.
Look inside the bottle.
That's where the mirror is now.
Hey, Liz, if I may call you Liz,
let me hit you with this.
What if you've crafted a lot of drama?
What do you think about the drama of this moment?
The next time your employee
or your coworkers mention the mirror
without missing a beat,
you pick up an ashtray that you have
there on your desk
and chuck it out the mirror
and smash it into a million pieces.
Oh, it's so good.
After that moment, right?
You are someone who is capable of anything.
And don't even respond beyond that.
Yeah.
Like, you're right back in that Zoom window
and you're just like,
you know, I've got the quarterly reports here now for Dan
and people will be more...
That's more terrifying than if your reflection
doesn't show up.
I bet.
There's one thing they're not gonna do again
and that's trifle with you.
There will be no trifling.
They also won't complain about the mirror anymore
because it will be described.
It's gone.
I would like to pitch something
along the lines of the optical illusion.
You made me think of this.
What if before the next meeting
you cut a hole in the wall,
the exact size of the mirror,
and then you put the mirror frame up
without the mirror in it
and then behind that hole
on the other side of the wall,
you put a mirror, right?
So it looks like it's reflecting
and the next time someone mentions the mirror,
you say, I've had enough of this
and then you step into the mirror world
and do the mirror.
The amazing thing that you just did, Travis,
is that sentence itself
sounded like a mirror reflected in a mirror.
Thank you.
I just got lost in there, like,
bouncing from the image to image.
But if you go back and track it,
it all makes sense.
It diagrams perfectly.
Someone has an absolutely banal problem
and Travis decides to build Pepper's ghost
behind them.
I think this is fun.
I think because, listen,
we could be in this mess for quite a while.
What I love about having a solution
is you can build on it every week.
Maybe the first week you go in and come out,
you're like, oh, that's weird.
Everything's in there, but it's backwards.
And the second week,
maybe you come out with a glowing orb.
And you're like, yo, this mirror world
is what I want you to build up.
I want you to make it as difficult as possible
for your coworkers to reconcile
your at-home fiction
with your in-the-office fiction
once you are headed back to the office.
Like, once you get back to the office,
do not mention the mirror world.
Do not mention the orb.
Don't be like, yo, we saw some wild shit
when we were talking to you on Zoom.
Are you okay?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
If you've got a friend among your coworkers,
if you could coordinate it with somehow
where you could send them a film
so that you appear to be walking through the mirror
and coming out into their home.
And then you're like, right?
Even worth risking COVID-19,
I think, to actually go film that at your house.
Let's be clear.
You're going to be fired
because your boss is going to put together
how much time and effort you've put into this
instead of, I don't know, reports or whatever, right?
You're going to lose your job,
but you're going to be a legend.
Yeah, I think that's good.
I've never had a job,
so I don't know how these things work.
Now, that's not true, Elizabeth Gilbert.
You do have a job.
You're an author, and you just published.
Well, you didn't publish.
I'm assuming you have people for this.
Things are tough, but-
I got a little printing.
We're all doing it from home now.
Just printing books by hand.
The paperback copy of City of Girls,
which I read and enjoyed.
It's a rocking tale of life in New York City.
I thought it was very...
It painted a lot of beautiful pictures in my mind.
Nice. Thanks, Vinny.
What a great way to describe the reading.
It's the power of books, as I like to say
when I talk about the good things that books do.
I made you hallucinate.
That's the benefit of publishing
out of your own Xerox printer at your house,
is you can just douse each page
in a hallucinogenic, touchable drug.
Yes.
I have a question.
I know that was an off-ramp,
but I do have a question for you.
You're, as a creative person,
and you've written and thought a lot about creativity,
and this is a complete pivot,
and I apologize to our listeners
because this must be so jarring
for a show as consistent and structured as ours.
I tend to think of creativity as putting a bunch
of different garbage in your mind
and rearranging it in interesting ways.
No, that's podcasting.
Hang up.
Hang up the phone.
I can't with you.
Let's go over.
I can't.
Okay, so...
Okay, go ahead.
I don't have...
In this world of ours,
I can still watch YouTube,
and I'm loving it for sure,
but I'm definitely feeling myself
a little starved of the outside impulses of the world
that feed into the creative engine.
Is that something you're struggling with at all?
And if people are,
what do you think?
Do you have a hot take?
So are you saying that in order for you to be inspired,
you kind of have to go out in the world
and roll around in it,
but you personally,
that that's how it works for you?
I didn't think so before
because I do not like going out there.
Well, that's what was surprising me about the question.
But I'm forced out there frequently
by touring and obligations, right?
And apparently,
I was drawing more on the outside world than I thought
because I got nothing right now.
Right.
Well, I guess you have to just do like...
It's kind of like the difference
between Emily Dickinson's poems
and like Walt Whitman's poems.
You've chosen the exact right people
to make this reference with.
Go on.
Yeah.
So Walt Whitman's poetry is all about
going and rolling in the earth
and taking it in.
And Emily Dickinson never left her bedroom,
but she still wrote an incredible body of work.
I think you just have to start looking at the world
through the eyes of a 19th century spinster poetess.
You probably know way more about this than I do.
I know, I think, one thing about each of those people,
and it is this.
Wouldn't you say Walt Whitman was, I don't know,
happier than Emily Dickinson?
Listen, Travis, do you want to be happy
or do you want to make great, was it poems?
Poems.
It was poems that she made.
I think you might have been a little bit happier yet.
Yeah, I think, you know,
I'm actually surprised by the opposite
because I am a traveler
and yet I'm finding that I'm quite enjoying
my little quarantine time at home.
Did you guys Freaky Friday?
Maybe Freaky Friday.
Yeah, it could be.
Not sure, because I'm doing different kinds
of creativity now.
Like I've gotten, I ordered a bunch of watercolor paper
and pens and I'm actually drawing.
I've never, haven't done that since I was a kid.
That's a good thing to do when you're inside.
So do some art, do some art art
and then make jokes about that, I guess.
I don't know how that turns into,
how you turn that into comedy gold.
But that would be art, art, art at that point.
Yeah, too many arts.
Too many, okay.
Too many love.
Hey, can I just congratulate you guys
on your 500th episode very recently?
Thank you so much.
That's incredible.
I actually think this is for next week's episode.
This is our 10 year anniversary celebration.
Believe it or not.
So incredible.
We've been podcasting for 10 years.
You have brought this woman so much joy
over those 10 years.
I can't even tell you how I've taken you
all over the world with me.
We've gone on extremely long walks together
in interesting places.
I'm so grateful that you exist.
And I also wanted to say I was a little jealous
on your 500th episode and your kids were on
and you were interviewing your kids
about what their favorite Bim Bam episodes were.
And I was like, my hand was raised.
We didn't call on you.
So rude.
Can I answer that just to get it out of my system?
Sure, please.
Please.
It would be the Ballad of Tit Liquid.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah, that was-
I've listened to it several times.
Whenever I need a lift, I go back
and just listen to that little bit
because it's so incredibly funny.
So thank you for letting me get that off my chest.
I'm glad that you could share that
at great personal cost to me.
What a generous host we are.
So City of Girls is out in paperback.
There's lots of other books you can buy by Elizabeth Gilbert.
And you should probably buy-
I mean, I'm glad you clarified
because there are lots of other books you could buy.
Yeah, no, buy Elizabeth Gilbert specifically.
Buy City of Girls or don't.
Travis, actually, I'd rather right now
we just focus not on the lots of other books
that people could buy.
Oh, okay, right, right, right.
Yeah, just these few books.
Just City of Girls or another book.
Just this little handful.
Call your local bookstore.
I bet they could maybe ship it to you.
And that's nice that you're supporting two great people,
your local bookstore and Elizabeth Gilbert.
There's also a new really good alternative to Amazon,
which is called bookshop.org.
And you can just go to bookshop.org
and you can buy books from independent bookstores online
as easily as you could do it on Amazon.
So if you don't know how to support
your local independent bookstore,
that's an easy way to do it wherever you are.
Excellent.
Hey, this is Jeff Bezos.
I'm listening on all the podcasts
while they're making them.
I just need you to delete that one part.
If you delete that one part for me, I don't like it.
I don't want it.
And delete that for me, please.
Elizabeth Gilbert, this is Jeff Bezos.
We're canceling all your books.
Hey, Jeff, Elizabeth, pleasure to meet you.
I'm Jesse Thorne.
I heard you guys are doing free ads
without anybody paying for them.
And I'm going to cut that out too.
I listen to all the shows too.
This is what I've always sounded like.
While you're relaxing on your Casper mattress,
you can buy yourself a book from Bookshop.org.
You're giving away thousands of dollars.
Please don't mention my mattresses
unless I pay for it.
I'm a very outstanding young man
and I won't stand for it.
That's robbing from you, the creator.
And I respect you.
Jon Casper, Jesse Thorne, this is me, Jeff Bezos again.
I just wanted to say I'm excited to see you two
at our secretive billionaires hunting party.
And we'll catch y'all there.
Hey, I love all this.
Hi, this is Jimmy Squarespace.
All right, Elizabeth Gilbert, thank you.
You know, the standing offer
to just permanently join the show still stands.
Anytime you want to take us on.
Anytime.
I'll quit anytime to make room for you.
I love you guys.
Be safe.
You too.
We love you too.
Okay, bye-bye.
Bye.
What?
Yes.
Okay.
I want to grow, I want to heal, fix this failing planet
with fast food meals.
Welcome to Munch Squad, colon, brands are here for you.
A lot of people have been thinking in this crisis,
have the brands abandoned me?
Have my favorite fast food brands abandoned me?
And I've been feeling it too,
because they stopped cranking out hot new menu items
for me to discuss.
So I felt abandoned.
So I started digging and I realized that the brands
haven't had time to make great new menu items for me
because they're busy fucking doing their part
to help heal this incredible crisis
that our entire planet finds itself embroiled in.
So with a spirit, a good-natured and a pat on the shoulder
and maybe a slightly patronizing nod,
I want to give you some of the updates
on what our brands are doing to help sort of do their part.
Carl's Jr's slash Hardee's are providing and eat.
A lot of people are doing family meals,
let you get a big old mess of food for a good price
to take home to your family, save you a bunch of hassle,
which is great.
Carl's Jr and Hardee's are still charging you money for them.
This is still a transaction.
They've adjusted their product to meet the current demand.
Carl's Jr and Hardee are providing, but they, boy howdy,
do these brands feel pretty proud of the fact
that they froze their food for you.
Carl's Jr and Hardee are providing an easy solution
for family meals in an effort to help people focus
on taking care of their families
while we take care of the burgers and biscuits.
While we keep the burgers and biscuits safe,
we're protecting the burgers and the biscuits
in support of the families across the country
that are coming together around mealtime.
Carl's Jr and Hardee's are launching the new family bundles menu
that includes signature items like charbroiled burgers,
hand-breaded chicken tenders, and made-from-scratch biscuits,
providing everything you love for everyone you love,
bundled up, and priced right.
I'm talking about little Jeffrey.
I'm talking about sweet Susan, your wife.
Let's get her filled up with these charbroiled broils.
We love them.
We love you.
Please eat our broils.
That's going to be kicking off Thursday,
family menu bundle by drive-thru.
You can pick them up as Carl's Jr and Hardee's
remain committed to serving their communities
for a reasonable fee and helping everyone to feed their happy.
Boston Market, they got a little bit more of a religious focus.
With all this, they got their own meal deals,
their own frozen meal deals.
With all that's happening around the world right now,
we know that Easter celebrations will be different
and smaller this year,
says Boston Market Chief Executive Officer Eric Wyatt.
Our team at Boston Market would like to help
with any type of Easter meal you might be planning,
with numerous convenient options available for pickup,
home delivery, or home shipment.
The health and safety of both our guests and our team members
is our top priority, so we want to do everything we can
to ensure everyone has a safe and healthy holiday this Easter.
I appreciate you, Boston Market.
Thank you.
Zaxby's got their own meal deals.
Quote, we wanted to create an affordable meal
featuring our signature menu items for families
during these challenging times, says Zach McLeroy,
Zaxby's CEO and co-founder.
Have you noticed how we never hear from the CEOs,
but now that they've frozen a lot of food in big boxes,
now they'll come down from their fucking sedans
to waltz amongst us Cometers.
Well, Justin, they did it for our families
and our sick cousin.
And our sick cousin. For the communities and the families.
Our sick cousin, Dave, and everyone, all of them.
Zaxby's is always focused on bringing people together
with flavorful comfort food made with uncompromising quality.
I have always said that.
Zaxby's, their number one thing is bringing people together.
Now, more than ever, we're all family.
Just, you know, family that will charge you $20
for a large tray of frozen chicken fingers.
Oh wait, are you guys not doing that in your house?
Like when BB comes to eat, I'm like, $12.
$12 please.
This is good.
Zaxby's is like, this is all very well and good.
What if they don't know our name?
An alternative to fast food, fuck off,
Zaxby's serves fresh, prepared at order,
hand breaded chicken fingers with a Z
and wings that can be tossed in a variety of nine sauces.
The menu also features four salads.
I'm not reading the rest of the things they have for sale.
Next quote, Zaxby's has been serving up
premium chicken fingers and wings for 30 years.
Read a book.
We want our guests to know we're here for you now
and we're not going anywhere.
Quote, we'll weather this storm together
and come through it stronger than ever.
Zaxby's, they're here forever for you.
You can't kill Zaxby's by conventional methods.
We are immune, we had it once, we got over it.
We're an immune now.
We have no lungs to infect with Zaxby's.
We're all fingers and we don't wash them.
At some point.
Yeah.
Lastly, the one that I do want to especially hold up
as I tear down is White Castle
because they are actually doing anything
that is charitable from April 7th to April 30th.
Healthcare workers and EMTs can go through
the drive-through of any White Castle restaurant each day
to receive one free combo meal or breakfast combo.
They just have to show their work ID.
Fuck yeah.
So I want to say White Castle, that is wonderful.
White Castle team members will be delivering
crave cases of sliders to hospitals
and other healthcare facilities in the regions
where White Castle has restaurants.
That's good.
The alternative would have been insane.
We're going to be air dropping White Castle all over this nation.
We put them in a White Castle cannon and blasting them off.
On April 6th, White Castle delivered 1200 sliders
to four hospitals in the Detroit area.
That is very good.
Although I cannot imagine that the smell of 1200 White Castle sliders
has made that situation a lot more appealing.
It's about the taste, Justin.
You don't smell these wet squares.
They say that.
They print that on the napkin.
Don't smell our wet squares.
Just eat them because they taste good.
In the midst of this pandemic,
healthcare workers have put it all on the line
to serve and take care of us.
Now it's our turn to serve them,
says Jamie Richardson, vice president at White Castle.
I'm hoping the president was extremely, extremely busy
because they couldn't come out for this one.
Providing free sliders and meals to healthcare workers
is a way for us to show our appreciation
for everything they're doing right now.
So White Castle, a little good natured,
funny expense, but good on you for really supporting people.
And that's what's going on as our brands are taking care of us.
So thank you, brands.
I know we're going to get through this together.
Stronger, stronger, stronger together.
Zaxby's says stronger than ever.
We're going to come through this one.
It's going to be better after, even.
Zaxby's is like, it's going to be even better after.
You're going to be like, fuck all that.
Zaxby's has been looking for its chance to grow, you know?
And sometimes, sometimes that little tree in the forest
needs another tree to maybe fall over
to get a little more sunlight on that little tree.
Zaxby's is hoping some of its big siblings
maybe go down in this.
So Zaxby's ends up being stronger than ever.
More power, yeah, extremely powerful.
Thank you, Zaxby's.
Folks, thank you so much for listening to our podcast.
And sincerely, I know we got all mushy at 500,
so we're not going to do all that again.
I will say, though, 10 years, come on.
You're too good to us.
It's really very kind of you to continue to hang in there with us.
We know our best years are behind us.
We know that, you know that.
But the fact that you've clung in here,
even in the Twilight years, is very meaningful to us.
So thank you so much.
Yeah, I do not know what we can say that we did not say,
like, what, five episodes ago at this point?
But I feel like 10 years is a sort of different milestone,
at least on our end, chronologically speaking,
to it is easier for me to look back at where I was 10 years ago
and where I am now.
And where I am now is because of you all listening at home.
So thank you all so much.
Thank you to Elizabeth Gilbert, who is so good, just like the best.
Just a good, just like a really good person.
Good person, funny, and very talented.
And I don't think we mentioned this during her segment,
but if you are struggling with creativity during this time,
check out Big Magic.
It's another book of hers that she wrote just about being creative.
Even if you aren't struggling with creativity,
read Big Magic because it's a life changer.
So this is a big thing we should talk about too,
because with our 10 year anniversary,
we decided to do a little bit of rebranding.
Well, I'll get to that in a second.
Some new designs, new logos, that kind of stuff.
And you can check that out.
We'll be sharing it and you'll see it on all our new stuff.
Big credit to Sarah McKay, who did the redesign
and it's just absolutely gorgeous.
And I love it so much.
Wild about it.
We're gonna have some new merch up with that rebranded stuff
up on McElroyMerch.com, including a 10 year commemorative plate
that made a lot more sense to make three months ago
when we started working on it.
Right.
Sometimes it's January and you come up with a funny joke
that does cost money, right?
Yes.
And then it's April and the face of the world
has been forever changed.
But the plates are still there, huh?
That you still made them.
There's nothing you can do about it.
You don't have to, listen, you don't have to buy the plates.
We get it.
We do have to try to, we have to put them up for sale
because the alternative is just us hoarding plates
with our faces on it.
They're really, really good.
But like, I just like before you, like, we get it.
Okay, like, we get it.
So anyways, check that out.
McElroyMerch.com.
We also have, for you stalwarts, there is a shirt
with the old logo on it protesting the new logo.
And I do want to thank, in that spirit,
I want to thank Justin Russo, a friend of ours
who 10 years ago made that original logo
and he's still alive today.
So thank you, Justin, for that shirt.
You can support Justin.
We're giving him, you know, he gets his beak wet
when you buy one of these protest shirts.
So they're there too if you want to.
Thank you to John Roderick and the Long Winters
for the use of our theme song, It's a Departure,
off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
Fantastic little ditty.
And thanks to Maximum Fun for having us on the network.
Go to MaximumFun.org, check out all the great shows there.
Shows like Stop Podcasting Yourself
and Judge John Hodgman and Switchblade Sisters
and a whole bunch more.
And like Travis and Justin, I think both have said,
we have other stuff at McElroy.Family.
Hey, go check out the movie Trolls World Tour
featuring your boys.
And I think that's it.
Yep.
So here is a final Yahoo!
that was sent in by a bunch of people.
Graham Roebuck, Adrian Cowles, a bunch of folks
sent this one in, thank you all.
It's from Yahoo! Answers user Mike who asks,
can science make a Spider-Man?
My name is Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother, my brother,
me, Kiss Your Dad, Square on the Lips.
